hurricane irma thicc as fuck
Im so tempted to go to the line to get me a little bottle for Irma lol
Key West's Hemingway House Almost Certainly an Irma Casualty #entertainment #tmz #reports
Lol pretend hurricane Irma is a girl and shes sitting on your ducking state sitting
The most powerful storm in history is named for a 72 y o Jewish lady who has a marvelous recipe for stuffed cabbage . #irma #symbolic #pray
Read this ...
fuck with my mans music yo you won't be disappointed
#USATODAY RT gregorykorte President Trump expands Hurricane Irma emergency declaration to South Carolina . Already
#hurricaneIrma At least the bottled water armageddon freakout at this end of Florida has stopped .
Limbaugh says Irma hurricane warnings are a scheme to benefit retailers media and the climate change agenda
I wonder if those crazy kids Harvey Irma and Jose had anything to do with it .
Wow e fresh
Always in my prayers Love you ! ! !
Category 5 Hurricane Irma kills 10 in Caribbean heads for Florida
Hes honestly inspiring
Hurricane Irma UK increases relief fund to 32m . The majority of the Caribbean live in wooden sheds with tin roofs .
Hurricane Ivanka ? Petition to change Hurricane Irma's name sweeps through Internet
Hurricane #Irma a powerful Category 5 storm destroyed 95 % of Barbuda's structures and vehicles . ABC
How much more can Barbuda take Hurricane Jose to brush by Irma battered island
The stress eating is TERRIBLE ! and has already started . oh and in my case #HurricaneIrma
Devastation left by Hurricane Irma on Dutch Caribbean islands AERIAL FOOTAGE
Our #Florida #RN hiring events are canceled . Virtual events are rescheduled . More info
Hurricane #Irma might soon become the longest lasting Category 5 Atlantic Hurricane in history .
Irma has already slammed islands in the Caribbean making them inhabits & it's STILL a Cat 5 ... let that sink in
my ohana in the path get out !
Thank goodness they drained the canals ! ! ! #Irma
The Destruction Hurricane Irma Caused in the Caribbean #home #storm #irma #hurricane
Florida friends that are safely out of harms way from Irma URGENT needs your help transporting ani
freida Good explanation of different hurricane models and news on H
Greetings 2 #TWITTER . Am in #Miami . Dismantling garden fountains bringing in furniture & tying down plants . Keep us in UR prayers . #Irma .
With #HurricaneHarvey and #Irma let's turn disaster into climate and clean energy action via
I'm all ready for Irma !
Royal Caribbean using its own cruise ship to evacuate employees
Show it to TRUMP .
TSA taking measures to help with airport security checks following Irmas impact
WATCH Barbuda Prime Minister Aerial Tour Of Irma Destruction Island ... via
Additional sandbag pickup location for #Irma opened at CWStadium . Enter off Tampa Avenue . Tonight until 7 p . m . Friday from 7 a . m . 7
#CNBC Airlines race to get as many flights out of Irma's path before a wave of cancellations
Google Maps marks real time Florida road closures during Hurricane Irma Google Maps is
My heart goes out to all those in the path of hurricane Irma . To my family ... be safe .
Hurricane Irma Heavy damage to Princess Juliana Airport on St . Martin via
Hurricane Irma ravages Caribbean islands as Florida nervously awaits historic storms wrath The Washington Post
At this point I'm just hoping the eagles from Lord of the Rings come to carry me to safety . #HurricaneIrma
Prayers also from the Crusader family to our FL friends . BASKETBALL
Super volcano in Yellowstone supposed to erupt that's it im moving to Mars
Wondering what to take when shelters open Fri at 3 p . m . ? Take a so you're prepared . #CapeCanaveral #Irma
enjoyed my time at IOC today ! Good luck prepping for Irma . #aa
Ground stop ordered at #FLL per #aa1685 pilot . #IRMA
I'm beginning to think Irma is all hype and doomsday prophecy . There were more than one projection of
It's not climate change it's due to more filth nudity porn n gaypride #IrmaHurricane #HurricaneIrma #HurricaneHarvey #lgbtq #gaypride
So sad . Shows that anyone who lies the connection to climate change is a hypocrite and completely failing leadersh
This video is from a tornado in South America last year ! ! ! Not Irma !
My heart breaks for the people of #usvi & #bvi who took a direct hit from #hurricaneirma . Help is hard to get on a
IRMA UPDATE Gov . Rick Scott holds a press conference in Jacksonville to share the latest on preps ahead of H
I'm sorry but this is true . #hurricaneharvey #hurricaneirma #besafetho #pray
Remember how bad Hurricane Andrew was for south FL ... take a look at how much bigger #hurricaneIrma is and over 20 m
You've been quoted in my #Storify story " Irma viene llegando "
Not a good sign for Florida . Latest EURO model has shifted #Irma's track slightly WEST . Stay tuned .
Stay hunkered down be safe I'm only 48 miles NW of Orlando
Stfu with yalls catastrophe jokes
This bitch is crazy
If climate change is a hoax the news is fake & #Irma is a liberal conspiracy now would be the perfect time for to go to Mar a Lago
Hurricane Irma batters the Caribbean via
soo anything anyone wanna lmk before irma shits on us
It's wild ... Go from Miami to Orlando ... Irma gonna follow the same path smh
Companys Fairfield buses travel south to help Hurricane Irma evacuees
Note No one had to ask them
NWS Irma windspeeds coordinates accurate & true ? WaPo FakeNews Econ BernieMadoff Shootens False Flags So Irma in
Please help us help Harvey & Irma dogs .
Stay safe out there . This is not a storm to be taken lightly .
Text FLPrepares to 888777 to have alerts sent straight to your phone . Via #FLPrepares #Irma #HurricaineIrma
Just how wide is 400 miles ? mag puts Irma's size in perspective
Ah yeah it's vanished now . Cheers
Although ELM is based out of Tampa Florida the operations will not be impacted by Hurricane Irma . Staff is available during normal hours .
Got 40 assignments due next week Irma bout to hit Florida ppl are still denying climate change and OTH is leavin
If #Irma hits the $ alone that will have to be moved by insurance could top trillions . Map I made of most $ $ $ home
On just now they show condos with tarps on roofs from WILMA . 12 years without repairs ? #Irma will do terrible things to them .
Latest weather graphics for Hurricane Irma
If it looks like it's gonna get bad take quick videos this afternoon of what things look like . Your car each room in your house . #Irma
Mexican moms be on that shit I swear
NASA's Kennedy Space Center Braces for Hurricane Irma via
Smh the
South Florida residents urged to take shelter by Friday night with Hurricane Irma's outer bands expected ...
US Officials Believe That Irma Will Be Devastating Live Trading News via
Barbuda was just declared uninhabitable as a result of Irma . News flash for people who think going to another part of Florida is ok .
#Waffle House Index . A real government tool to determine toll Mother Nature has taken on local area . #Harvey #Irma
#HDTalk Hurricane Irma takes aim at Trump's Mar a Lago social media goes wild #CNN #Trump
Is this is legit
I liked a video HURRICANE IRMA LIVE FOOTAGE ! HURRICANE IRMA TRACK
LIVE Irma's forecast gets more complicated . Jason Boyer WLOS has the latest on track intensity and impacts .
Looks like Nature is hitting back on the US with all its force after the US leaving the Paris climate agreement ? #Harvey #Irma #Jose
Looking for water is making Floridians CRAZY ! ! #HurricaneIrma
We should have made all the engineers stay on campus so that Irma would be forced to avoid eye contact
I may have been wrong about Irma
Barbuda ? There's an island called Barbuda ? I refuse to google . But Irma is gonna hit Barbuda . Barbuda . Never heard of it .
BBC News Hurricane Irma bears down on Turks and Caicos islands
. chief meteorologist is LIVE w tracking #HurricaneIrma #jax #duval
I hate people
Hurricane Irma heading straight for where I am in Lexington SC supposed to be Cat 5 when it hits wish us luck ! !
Hurricane Irma wipes tiny Caribbean island off the map via
Literally what ... is ... happening ...
For a moment I thought " Irma . "
NC Gov . news conference on Hurricane Irma
We survive #HurricaneIrma and I'll pray for Haiti Dom.Rep . Cuba Florida Georgia & South Carolina
Is he talking about Harvey and Irma or Russia and North Korea ?
too cute
Too far ahead to get worried yet .
I liked a video Is HURRICANE IRMA a WARNING from GOD ?
Quite the close up
Evacuating with your fur baby for #HurricaneIrma in #BrowardCounty ? Here's the info
The evening performance on Saturday 9 9 and both performances on Sunday 9 10 have been cancelled due to Hurricane Irma . Qs 904 641 1212
Hurricane Irma is the worst ever known Wrecking all in the way So many lives devastated Another terrible day #dittyaday #naturaldisaster
Puerto Ricans In CT Ready To Provide Aid To The Island After Irmavia
but who's gonna keep my streaks when irma hits and the power goes out
Heart breaking . Sending love to Jost Van Dyke ... everything gone #Irma our honeymoon spot #nowords
If you are a homeowner looking to help out for #HurricaneIrma or if you are looking for safe refuge click here
Our Orlando office will be closed Friday September 8 to prepare for Hurricane Irma . Please take proper precautions and be safe !
#FLPrepares I think I'm gonna need 1 more bottle of wine #HurricaneIrma
Because why would you evacuate when the Gators are playing the Northern Colorado Bears ? #HurricaneIrma Times
The 2017 NFL season kicks off tonight and it's getting overshadowed by a big obnoxious broad named Irma . What a huge bitch .
Bloomberg whose father has a home in nearby Wellington is passionate about rescues and chairs fundraisers
Courtesy of a coworkers family member in #Anguilla . More damage pics from #Irma
This is dumb . Can't make things a free for all . Have to have a line and do it orderly .
Everyone please keep Danny Riley of MrTopStep in your thoughts and prayers . He is down in Florida in the path of hurricane Irma .
Our hearts go out to those who have been devastated by Hurricane Irma . You're in our thoughts and prayers
Honestly gobsmacked that is promoting such senseless dangerous and frankly dumb actions being taken
People are actually complaining about how Irma is cutting their vacation short ruining a future one ... people have lost their homes or worse .
#HurricaneIrma2017 #HurricaneIrma #gasoline shortages in #Florida likely to get worse #Miami #FortLauderdale
This some whites people shit
Yo irma gotta admit I've always been too scared to do it myself
Dense urban areas of America within the cone of uncertainty of hurricane Irma .
Hurricane Irma 10 apps to keep you in the know and help you cope .
We have info on employment & establishments in possible path of #HurricaneIrma #BLSdata
So while Irma makes it's way up the coast the news is trying to make people think it's not going to hit at all .
Latest update for my neck of the woods Irma's expected to pass to the west of Charleston but wind and flooding is
New post Nuclear plants in Hurricane Irma's path are shutting down has been published on Online News Gazette
Oh my sweet Lord Jesus .
Click HERE #EU #News #EuropeUnion Hurricane Irma 180mph winds batter Caribbean as death
This is horrific .
May God be with the people in Florida I really pray and keep you in my heart .
My neighbor say if Irma don't damage my house they gonna damage it for me so I can collect that FEMA I got the best neighbor
New Irma Model Brushes Entire State #HurricaneIrma #Florida via
Quick sketch . #wildfires #flooding #flood #harvey #columbiarivergorge #montana #irma #help #donate
Thousands homeless as nations rush to help islands devastated by Hurricane Irma
31 000 people have evacuated the Florida Keys so far as #Irma approaches the US
Hurricane Irma 180mph winds batter Caribbean as death toll rises latest news
Hurricane Irma you're doing amazing sweetie
Hurricane Irma is the size Texas so nada .
Kudos to the Florida Highway Patrol for their extra efforts we appreciate you ! #KAG #HurricaneIrma
Makada Worst storm in history comes ; Not the time for #shutdown due to #debtceiling ; #POTUS had no choice but Schu
Need something strong to drink ? postponed Anny Sat 9 9 but releasing btls of barrel aged to get you t
Calming down now that Irma has passed . Thede fruity me tod got me through . Shout out to #IrmaPR
Getting Ready for Hurricane Irma Bhavna's Kitchen
Good luck if ur going to try to ride Irma out but there is no shame in getting dafuq out . I'd get dafuq out
If Hurricane Irma Forces Walt Disney World To CloseThey Have A Plan
' It was like something you see in a horror movie ' Irma survivors tell of devastation
Much like Andrew where eyewall passes in FL will determine true extent of impacts . Need to prepare as if it will pass over you . #Irma
In pictures Irma ravages Caribbean The highest category storm tears a path through islands wi .. #breakingnews
Praying and Declaring Job 38 11 over Irma today ... praying for Haiti and all the islands in her
Or sign an executive order banning hurricanes ... #hurricaneirma #climatechange #orangemuppet
TCP MCA Nuclear plants in Irma's path are shutti ... via #
He tried to catch some gnarly waves but the gnarly waves caught him .
I'm old enough to remember when hurricanes came only once in several years rather than several in a year . #ClimateChange #Irma #Jose
RileyJr Hey Murray ! Are you making preparations for #HurricaneIrma ? #StaySafe
#hurricaneirma #walgreens shut your stores so people can evacuate ! #shameonyou
. on #Periscope Watch LIVE Hurricane Irma Forces Immediat Evacuation of Florida
Currently on Alligator Alley . I live in western Broward . I said goodbye to my home today hopefully not forever . Life > > > possessions . #Irma
These democrats liberals socialists commies ; whatever they call themselves are really showing the evil in their
FOX 5 LIVE 9 7 THREE hurricanes brew in Caribbean ; Florida prep for Irma ; NFL regular season
Hurricane Irma North Korea Amazon Your Friday Briefing by CHARLES McDERMID via NYT
Investor Alert Be Vigilant for Investment Scams Related to Hurricanes Harvey and Irma .
RT markets " Miami's financial district shuts as Irma approaches
What we not going to do is violate the greatest QB in history . Thanks
NXT Live Events Postponed This Weekend Due To Hurricane Irma
We're committed to doing what we can for those impacted by Hurricanes Harvey and Irma . If you need help please con
#westernsahara #community wish #Caribbean states least damages & casualities . God bless u all #TurksAndCaicos #Irma #Hurricane #ClimateChange
RT WSJbusiness " As companies ' IT teams prepare for Hurricane Irma some are using emergency procedures tested last
Carolinas Georgia declare emergencies ahead of Irma
First responders OSHA guidance for your safety during hurricane response
Hurricane Irma leaves ' unprecedented ' destruction in the Caribbean kills at least 13 ABC News via
Let's hope #Irma isn't as destructive as the hurricane that hit Florida in 1928 .
I liked a video HURRICANE IRMA ...
The Number of People Begging Hurricane Irma to Wipe out Mar A Lago And Only Mar A Lago Is Sickening
Our thoughts right now are with everyone in the Caribbean and Florida affected by #HurricaneIrma . Hang in there .
BBC News Hurricane Irma causes devastation in the Caribbean
#Florida #Georgia #SouthCarolina ... EVERYONE in #HurricaneIrma's path needs to pay attenti ...
How South Florida teams are helping their communities prepare for Irma
ABC #InternationalNews A look at the damage from Hurricane Irma in the Caribbean
Amazon under fire for reported Irma price gouging
Hurricane Irma Fairgrounds open to Florida residents who need stables for their horses
Hurricane Irma North Korea Amazon Your Friday Briefing via NYT
How to prepare for Hurricane Irma and other storms this hurricane season
A spot in hurricane Irma ?
Turks & Caicos Bahamas brace for Category 5 Hurricane Irma
Work Safely UWUA Brothers and Sisters !
Harvey and Irma Married 75 Years Marvel at the Storms Bearing Their Names
A heavyweight hazard looms over Miami's skyline as Irma nears the city ... #hurricaneirma #irma #miami #irmalatest
Hurricane Irma ' UK doing all it can to help British territories victims ' by #BBCNews
Here's a before and after Irma on Tortola St John neighboring island
The only materialistic thing I'd care about losing during Irma is my tempurpedic mattress tbh .
How the names coincide is even crazier
Stay Safe Miami ! Please heed all warnings from your local authorities . #BeSafe #HurricaneIrma #11Rooftop
The UK government has increased the relief fund for British overseas territories impacted by Hurricane Irma to 32m .
#HurricaneIrma is barreling toward the Southeastern United States . Please take proper precautions and stay vigilant .
An on demand handyman option for Florida homeowners prepping for Hurricane Irma
Hurricane Irma Heavy damage to one of the world's most famous airports via
Miami Dade County has expanded its mandatory Hurricane Irma evacuation zone
Check to see if your #ACT has been rescheduled due to #HurricaneIrma
#HurricaneIrma's devastation has been captured & spread across social media TheStreet
Evacuees from #HurricaneIrma2017 can stay at starting at 7am Friday .
Hurricane Irma The Damage So Far and Whats Next
A . M . BEST AJG Chief Hurricane Irma a Potential Capital Event for Insurance Industry
Its official Weather Channels Jim Cantore will be in Miami for Irma .
While the projected path of Hurricane Irma has continued shifting to the east Tampa Bay is still in the cone of ...
They year is actually 2012 and we're living in the movie 2012 .
Airlines Shamed into Being Less Evil After Hurricane Irma Price Gouging Complaints GQ
back major storms as Hurricane Irma heads towards Florida Gov .
Delta plane flies through outer band of Irma to Puerto Rico
Every single model of Irma I see contradicts the other . So frustrating . Just praying for #Florida
FOR MY FAMILY & FRIENDS WHO ARE HUNKERING DOWN AWAITING IRMA THIS IS FOR AFTER THE STORM ! FEMA ...
Florida's governor warning residents to leave now they won't be able to get out when Hurricane Irma hits
Follow as he reports on Hurricane Irma for . Live reports tonight on the WBZ News at 8 0
Hurricane Irma Heavy damage to one of the world's most famous airports
Any ideas on how to get out of Miami ? #irma #HurricaneIrma2017 #MiamiDade #Florida #Miami #MiamiBeach
We are leaving Florida as Irma approaches . Stay safe everyone !
THEN I MIGHT HAS TO EAT IRMA
Sister of Teen Surfer Who Died Riding Waves During Hurricane Irma Speaks Out ' All of Barbados Is Hurting '
#Nytimes #News Asia and Australia Edition Hurricane Irma North Korea Amazon Your Friday Briefing
Hurricanes Harvey and Irma Cant Be Blamed on Global Warming via #ha #globalwarmingBS
An odd coincidence . Those would be the names of a couple married 75 years .
Ottawa couple riding out Hurricane Irma Turks and Caicos resort . photo credit Taras Klymyshyn #ottnews
Report them for price gouging FLA Attorney Gen . has set up a hotline to report companies that are trying
The Southern Poverty Law Center Has $ 69 Million Parked Overseas The Weekly Standard #breaking #splc #irma
So crazy to watch .
Get a battery powered or solar powered USB charger for your phones now . Cell or wifi networks might come up before power restored . #Irma
Real life imitates science fiction just on a smaller and more realistic scale . #Katia #Irma #Jose
Silver lining Maybe #Trump will accept #climatechange truth after #Irma visits Mar a Lago . With him everything is
How to Get Hurricane Irma Alerts on Your Phone
Will any highways be doing lane reversals south bound lanes going north ?
Let's pray for everyone on Irma's path be safe instead.This is not the time to hate but getting toget
Praise where it's due . TY for great phone support getting my flight out of #MIA & fastest bag claim ever seen . #Irma #lucky
#Howto recover from Hurricanes #Harvey #Irma #FAQ #insurance #ReportersNotebook
AT & T networks prepared for Hurricane Irma #attemployee
RT CLTMotorSpdwy Friday at 7a . m . our Rock City Campground will be open for Hurricane Irma evacuees .
this is false the app needs wifi and or cell service .
The latest Driving Safety Tweets Daily ! Thanks to #irma #nhl
Oh my gosh the forward motion matching north right front quadrant storm surge eyewall gonna go RIGHT over them . So
For those able to provide housing in Georgia #HurricaneIrma
Brody would catch them Waves
Caribbean carnage Irma batters islands
This is insanity in its finest hour #HurricaneIrma
WHAT IRMA CONGRATS IM SO PROUD OF YOU GIRL ! ! KEEP IT UP ! ! LOVE YOU ! ! !
THE LATEST ON IRMA Hurricane Irma is continuing to move through the Atlantic as a Category 5 storm with winds
lemme find out my 6th grader is at home making videos cussing like this while I'm at work ...
RT lnspiredLife Forget what hurt you but never forget what it taught you . #Irma #inspiration #motivation #success #trump
Miami's financial district shuts as Irma approaches
No ... God wants us to come together as one
' 17 HURRICANE .. IRMA ... also Back In 1987
This is beautiful . God bless this sweet man .
Glad most friends family are flying out of Miami today . This looks catastrophic . #irma
Hurricane Irma Live Tracker Updates 9 7 2017 Category 5 High Def Las ... via
The latest The Vicky Gelder Bird Daily ! Thanks to #hurricaneirma #frtb
waiting for irma to knock on the door
Hurricane Irma leaves at least 10 dead and thousands without power in Caribbean
Hurricane Irma prep Pensacola hospital officials recommend stocking up on medication Pensacola News Journal #Fl
irma is terrifying and as real as it gets unfortunately
#HurricaneIrma may force 100 000 Miami Dade County Residents to Evacuate . Praying for everyone affected by the stor
Where is the media coverage prayers for Puerto Rico
It's scary how many people are in denial about Irma and refuse to leave their homes .
The American public outside the danger zone can best help in mass aid by inviting friends or family in Irma's approach to lodge with them .
Announcement about Irma and Moving Forward
Hopefully she escapes that shithole
Hurricane hunters witness Irma's ire from above CNET
Hurricane Irma thicc af
JetBlue reduces airfare to $ 99 from Florida for Irma evacuees
LIVE COVERAGE Team coverage on Irma's forecast and how you ca ...
Dead ass been waiting for this tweet
Again if you are in the FLORIDA Area ... GET OUT NOW ... before you cant ... Hurricane Irma will be hitting this ...
As Hurricane Irma approaches Haiti panic sets in
Hurricane Irma slices through Caribbean islands Travel Weekly via
Hurricane IRMA Update Checklist & Important Information
Hurricane Irma warnings are a conspiracy to make climate change look real says Rush Limbaugh The Independent
so smart Jesus ... Why I never thought of this ? Oh you saying bec Irma is real and it destroyed 95 % of Caribbean costs ?
St Johns County will open shelters Saturday at 6am . #Irma
WATCH LIVE Gov . Rick Scott gives latest update on Hurricane Irma preps
Florida AG Calls Out Chevron Why Are You Gouging Customers in Irma's Path ?
Hurricane Irma Wreaks Havoc on the Caribbean #Mayabeque #RadioMayabeque #Cuba #CubaRadio95
Looks like hurricane Irma is gonna rough us up a bit probably not too bad but still wish us luck
Yo guys I had to buy supplies because of Irma and now I'm running out of money Just in case you want to doname me
Another asset of the 1 % saved from Hurricane Irma !
HOLY CRAP IM SCARED kea
Hurricane Irma Heavy damage to one of the world's most famous airports USA TODAY
We LOVE these guys ! ! !
My mama had me thinking hurricane Irma was hitting charlotte this week
All media personal are to prayers 4 IRMA to turn Sharply out to North Atlantic colder water asking GodJesus . Period .
I remember the bottom three !
Florida's governor warning residents to leave now they won't be able to get out when Hurricane Irma hits via foxn
#NortheasternFL shelves are staying empty . #HurricaneIrma
So who's throwing the hurricane irma banger
I feel so bad for them Barbuda is such a nice island and not only did they get destroyed by this but they're also
Georgia will be impacted by #Irma early next week .
Good grief That's devastating . Horrible destruction .
Hurricane Irma British sisters feared missing on Barbuda after storm devastates Caribbean island
People trapped in a bus because the Hurricane Irma
Turks and Caicos was heaven . Hurricane Irma better back off
TY for sending books to schools 4 " National Read A Book Day ! " This was my favorite too . We U ! ! #Irma
Update Hurricane #Irma satellite loop and forecast track . No audio Everything you need to know about Hurri
WSBTV reports Floridians fleeing #Irma are finding shelter at Atlanta Motor Speedway . That story NEXT on Channel 2 .
WHILE they also CAUSED #Harvey and #IRMA .. SEE Cama pieces and ORIGIN OF TEAPARTY STALIN
Hurricane Irma kills 10 in Caribbean heads for Florida as Category 4 #HeadlinesApp
Those in Irma's path Leave . Travel as far away as you can . Pull into a Walmart and sleep in your car if you have no where else to go .
We need to get away from Irma and we may need to head north like where your beer lives
RT Reuters FPL to shut Florida nuclear plants ahead of Irma's winds
Royal Maya seeks to find ways she may be useful to allies through foreign relations ; while developing . Disaster ne
Comcast Opens Xfinity WiFi Hotspots to All Across Florida During Hurricane Irma via
it's a good sign when an nhc scientist is freaking out about a hurricane right
Hurricane Irma Is NOT the Most Powerful Atlantic Hurricane Ever Recorded
can't predict his mouth from a hole in the ground he's not qualified . should be on !
Publix closings early #HurricaneIrma
REAL TRUTH About Hurricane IRMA Category 6 Storm End Time Prophecy 2017 2018 ENDTIMES VIDEO #news #Endtimes #Irma
So apparently my state is in Hurricane Irma's path and we could get hit pretty bad depending on where it turns and that's worrying but
Bottom line on where we stand today with Irma .
Its COMIG RIGHT THROUGH FUCKING MIAMI BRO FUCK WE'RE FUCKED
This . Is . Crazy . Thanks for the report #Nevada #HurricaneIrma2017
Jesus is coming in clutch always it will still be rough but the eye of the hurricane is off the coast of Jax
#HurricaneIrma #Florida I'm hearing there are no hotel rooms available . Seek shelters .
WSBTV reports Facts not fear Get the latest #HurricaneIrma forecasts and info . straight to your phone from the te
Corrections Initiating Plans as Hurricane Irma Approaches . #HurricaneIrma2017
Hurricanes Harvey Irma Jose Katia ... all at once ! #ClimateChangeMuch ? #ConnectTheDots
Seems like there's a hell of a lot of water coming with Irma . Gonna tie down empty plastic 50 gallon drums and catch water . #HurricaneIrma
Sunday is going to be the day Florida gets slammed Steve Prinzivalli #Irma #FacebookLive
#DEVELOPING TROPICAL TRIPLE THREAT IRMA KATIA JOSE A Hurricane Watch now issued for south Florida as pote
Everyone in Irma's path please stay safe
The morons on ifowarts are still calling Irma a Category 6 but not worry as the warnings are just fear mongering .
New on #Steemit Live footage of Hurricane Irma Destroying The Maho Beach Camera MUST WATCH !
This one of the main reasons I don't wanna go home my mom gon make me clean the house I don't even live in no mo
650 000 Ordered to Flee Miami Dade in County's Largest Evacuation Ever #HurricaneIrma2017 #HurricaneIrma #Irma
1 4 Royal Palm Beach and Flamingo Beach resorts sustained damage that is to be expected of a CAT 5 hurricane . #Irma
Alright now
. is live on #Facebook w a former #FEMA Administrator with #updates on #Florida's response to #Irma
RT this to everyone so that they can pass on to ppl etc that need access to these sites and info . Thank you Taylo
Jose strengthens to Category 2 hurricane while following Irmas path #Jose #HurricaneJose #LeewardIslands #weather
LIVE VIDEO Hurricane Irma ! ! ! via
These satellite images of #Irma bearing down on Florida are terrifying .
Irma sets record for hours of super strength #Worldnews
love that they're still laughing and listening to music through all this
Stay in touch with each other hot spots
Thrilled by a phone call of Dutch national news radio NOS Radio 1 to talk about hurricane Irma .
Just bought one . Thanks to for all that they do . #HurricaneHarvey
Check out press briefing on Hurricane Irma from our Emergency Operations ..
Weather's not looking good . #HurricaneIrma2017
Florida Potentially Devastating Impact
Gas shortages leave Floridians stranded in path of Hurricane Irma
Hurricanes Harvey and Irma Can't Be Blamed on Global Warming Cato Institute blog
Hurricane Irma aims more towards Miami on GFS model . Euro model still showing aims toward the west .
Ouragan Irma Une tudiante sherbrookoise est St Thomas
Right now there are 3 #hurricanes spinning in the Gulf of Mexico and North Atlantic #Irma #Jose and #Katia
Our thoughts and wishes go out to all those impacted by Harvey and now Irma .
I don't have time for this shit my birthday right around the corner
Fuck . And it's still hitting all the Caribbean islands and likely the Bahamas
Kev 01 Twin we gotta beat Irma ass
It's traumatic Richard Branson speaks after his Necker Island was destroyed by Hurricane Irma
Amazon Shoppers Complain of Price Gouging During Hurricane Irma #systems
Breaking News Florida Bracing for Direct Hit from Hurricane IRMA . #HurricaneIRMA #Breaking 2 via
Brian how come I haven't heard anything about Irma interacting with the warm water in the Florida Straight ?
Due to Hurricane Irma we will be closed Saturday and will stay closed until after the storm . Today and tomorrow ...
All good things come in threes .
Hurricane Irma Nearly 1000 in Broward shelters already ; last flight from airport Friday night
Below is a map of evacuation routes provided by for the #LowCountry in preparation for impact from
Puerto Rico escapes direct hit but remains vulnerable to climate changes impacts ThinkProgress
Is anyone else tired of Trump's five year old vocabulary level ? could you use language more associ
aye fuck the government n ppl who support them . ill die saying it too
Department Prepares to Support and Protect Floridians Affected by Hurricane Irma
Because he's a jerk off ?
Omg Irma is fierce ...
Photos of the Devastation Across Saint Martin Left by Hurricane Irma via via
PLEASE MY HEART CAN'T TAKE ANYMORE PICTURES OF THE STRANDED ANIMALS AND MY HOME CAN'T HOLD ANY MORE OF THOSE SWEET
rich people are startling
sikb please stay safe as Irma heads towards your direction
Wall St . slips as media stocks Hurricane Irma weigh
What you gone do to stop me ?
Hurricane Irma leaves 3 dead loss of power in Puerto Rico
Latest #Irma Update It remains a powerful category 5 #hurricane . The forecast track right now is a worst case sc
With all the real news about NK and Irma the MSM gives this moron time ? He says he's a big deal and the MSM
The First White President #HillaryClinton #Obama #Trump #NorthKorea #irma #russia #ThursdayThoughts
No water Normandy walmart according to Maruca on #News4JAX #Irma
Pro surfer 16 killed riding ' best wave of his life ' in Hurricane Irma swell
R6 I know I have been getting lots of comment from east coast weenies assholes who WANT Irma to hit VA MD NJ
2 4 Safety of our guests and team members remains our top priority as we work to make guests as comfortable as possible . #Irma
The " Bob Ross " of weather anchors ? The Internet finds peace in the calm clear reports of ' s Alan Sealls
Finished getting supplies for #irma . All the stores are so hectic right now Saying a prayer #Tampa #HurricaneIrma #Florida #floridastrong
Irma is about to
You should be out of Irma's harm way . Chicken shit
Kind of want to see IT tomorrow so I can stop being afraid of Irma for a couple hours and be scared of clowns instead
Just learned that weather forecasters have not been mispronouncing Bermuda . Barbuda is a place . #HurricaneIrma #Irma2017
Made a quick update video about Hurricane Irma . I'll be staying with family this Weekend . Stay safe everyone !
Nuclear plants in Hurricane Irma's path are shutting down via
Still in Miami ? LEAVE . Take it from someone who saw #Harvey damage firsthand even concrete walls can fail . And Harvey was weaker than #Irma
hurricane irma destroys other places the news well anyways its about to hit us so
Hurricane Irma to end my life
IRMA PRESSER Gov . Rick Scott is holding a press conference in Jacksonville regarding incoming Hurricane Irma .
Los Angeles News Search LA Hurricane Irma Nations rush to help islands devastated by Category 5 storm 1 ...
Lord have mercy for all those on the storm's path .
No 2 hurricanes are the same for sure ! #tropics #Irma
Everybody stressing about Irma and I'm stressing about what I'm wearing for homecoming
Hey Hurricane Irma ! BRING IT BITCH !
Has your cruise been canceled ? See if it's on this list ! #wonderlandfamilyvacations #familytravel #cruise #Irma
FoxNews Florida AG Calls Out Chevron Why Are You Gouging Customers in Irma's Path ?
Kourtney won't come home and I'm getting mad .. i am reading her stuff about Irma and SHE WONT LISTEN
If my pilot did this I would probably pass out
Think of the symbolism of #HurricaneIrma slamming into Florida right at Mar a Lago . A nasty woman beating the shit out of
Wow .
The DIFFERENCE between the Left & the Right . I'm on the Right & would NEVER wish harm from storms or anything else
Irma is freaking huge
Nightmares
With the gas price going up we better see a lot of oil companies giving back to help out the victims of hurricanes ! ! #harvey #irma
The latest luc germain le Journal ! Thanks to elbaghdadi #hurricaneirma #iot
#HurricaneIrma needs a twitter so I can tell her she's costing my business money and I don't like that ... #GoAway
Ridiculous ! Get the Tory dinosaurs out !
This 3 day weekend is going to be spent watching 3 ATL hurricanes . #Irma #Jose #Katia
you canceled our flight out of fll and #hurricaneirma is coming no other flights out !
Comcast Opens WiFi Hotspots Across Florida During Irma
The ending to the first video holy shit
Hoping hurricane irma loses some force
Rick not believe in Irma's power ? That is suspicious .
Commission Nice to see international path to support the unfortunatly people affected by Storm IRMA .
Hurricane Irma headed straight for Trumps Caribbean mansion Details
Hurricane Irma preparations have already started in the capital District
The latest from FLL as #Irma approaches South Florida .
Nuclear plants in Hurricane Irma's path are shutting down
If Trump hadn't made deal with Dems Harvey & Irma victims would've been screwed Repubs too divided 2018 the ones who obstruct need replaced .
. #Tampa #Irma ur about safety until a real event then no one cares tell ur employees to go home to prepare
BREAK . #WaltDisneyWorld near #Orlando may be devastated by #HurricaneIrma Disney shares plunged 5 %
Jacksonville mayor on Hurricane Irma ' If you have the ability please leave ' via
#Google Maps marks real time Florida road closures during Hurricane Irma
So proud to work for a company who cares about its employees . Praying for everyone in Irma's path .
Rise of extreme weather events like #Irma may become the new normal as climate change continues eliciting violent r
Soutenez la croix rouge franaise Support the French Red Cross #Irma2017 #SaintMartin #SaintBarth #IrmaHurricane
Hurricane Irma Georgia governor orders MANDATORY EVACUATION Weather News
Pro surfer dies after trying to ride huge waves created by Hurricane Irma
Yes . And yes again . In Florida we call that a hurricane party #HurricaneIrma
Hurricane Irma Eye of the storm passes Hispaniola The hurricane is north of Dominican Republic .. #breakingnews
Idk bout y'all but im hype for irma to come up cuz I'm boutta be goin innn
Raise your hand if you believe #irma and #harvey are karma from Trump not believing in #climatechange
Thank you but I'm in Texas . Just concerned about others . #Irma
Y'all are fucking trash for this .
Bc of #HurricaneIrma I know I'm missing week 1 of NFL Sunday . Thanks .
Jeeeeeesus Christ and when is Irma supposed to hit Florida ?
For developing countries reckoning with disasters like Irma will be harder thanks to Trump ThinkProgress
How fun would that be ? It must be so strange for you wait
#RoyalCaribbean is putting its #employees aboard one of its own ships to get them out of the path of #HurricaneIrma .
SAVE FLORIDA #hurricaneIrma
Are Irma like Super Storms the New Normal ? via
3 4 Reservations at Royal Palm & Flamingo Beach are canceled through 11.20 . 17 . We are not accepting new reservations through 4.30 . 18 . #Irma
Aerial Photos Show How Irma Leveled Caribbean Islands
Evacuation Miami Dade Expand Evacuation Orders Irma is staying strong as it heads towards Florida . It did ...
jajaja makes fun of #HurricaneIrma2017 Nothing like a snit telling victims how he's feed
Nearly 540 000 ordered to flee Georgia coast ahead of Irma
Right wing stupidity on steroids #Irma
Saw him on Fox today there'll b deputy shelters checking for sex offenders & ppl w warrants NO
This is heartbreaking
HURRICANE HARVEY GOES NUCLEAR ! MASS EVACUATIONS ! #Hurricane #HurricaneIrma #HurricaneIrmaTracking
Hurricane Irma Lowe's customer gives last generator to fellow shopper via
Info for US Citizens affected by #HurricaneIrma at home & abroad . Stay safe & be prepared !
Thanks to #irma my ass gets to go HOMEE
The Hurricane Party Moves Online Here Are Plans To Safely Dance Vape Protest Hurricane #Irma Away via
Can't take my eyes off this . #Irma #GOES16
Is the tide turning ? After Harvey and Irma does the administration finally believe that climate change isn't a hoax ?
For #HurricaneIrma updates and in general please follow .
Hurricane Irma North Korea Amazon Your Friday Briefing
Live Briefing Hurricane Irma Churning Over Dominican Republic Heads Toward Turks and Caicos
I love Max Mayfield but that man is only on the news when it's bad news #maxmayfield #HurricaneIrma
Major traffic on NB I 95 in St . Lucie County packed with families fleeing #Irma
Maybe now he'll actually care
Ooh . Feel bad that this newlywed couple was trapped in the Caribbean while #Irma was there . #YourWorld
Most #TreasureCoast stores will close at noon Saturday ahead of #HurricaneIrma . Read more here
I've plotted the Mara a Lago on the latest NOAA Hurricane Irma prediction map .
Hoping for the best preparing for the worst . Stay safe out there my South Florida friends ! #hurricaneirma #Miami #flyingoutoftown
Hurricane Irma kills 10 in Caribbean heads for Florida as C #latest #news
Bookworm hurricane preparedness now into containers ! #baggedbooks #hurricaneIrma
Category five hurricane
The fact that I have family in Homestead Fl that are not taking shit seriously right now is really pissing me off #HurricaneIrma
#Nonlinearity Gas shortage in TX area after Harvey . Makes sense . Gas shortage in FL ahead of Irma . zounds ! !
With Hurricane Irma Miami could be facing its nightmare storm scenario via #hurricaneirma2017
Ppl in #Culebra #PuertoRico safe after #HurricaneIrma . No water electric cell service . Continued prayers for everyone in Irma's path .
Prayers for Florida . #Irma
RT TopFiveTraders " RT WSJbusiness " As companies ' IT teams prepare for Hurricane Irma some are using emergency
wayne TIRED OF YOUR BULLSHIT IRMA
Have enough cash to sustain you through a 2 week period #Irma #HurricaneIrma2017
f3 OR . Pls reach & give . All $ goes to t
How To Survive #Irma #Florida #Irma2017
. God save our souls . Irma may be the worst hurricane ever .
Hurricane Irma Leaves 1 Million Puerto Ricans Without Power via
Lack of context . Irma has been a hurricane for much longer than Andrew was at this point and ERCs expanded the win
a swedish newpaper is reporting live about irma and the other hurricanes and just 300 km h for 37 hours
Wow world ! Sandton war hurricane Irma Rohingya genocide vuyani
definition of thunder thighs bruh
Gov . Roy Cooper speaks about Hurricane Irma
Hope and his family are staying safe . #irma
Katia trying to steal your man Irma
Limbaugh Hurricane Irma is " an exciting thing " for " the left " because they're " always working on movi ...
i'm pretty sure irma knows who the fuck i am i'm fine alright bitch bye say your prayers
Meteorologist explains what caused Hurricane Irma
People in Florida who joke about hurricane Irma annoy the fuck outta me . I wanna see y'all joking when you're tryna swim bruh gtfo
This probabaly isn't all evacuation related but north bound traffic out of Florida is getting crazy #Irma
#Hurricane season #Harvey followed by #Irma followed by #Jos
Why is it black in the middle ?
We will call you Irma
Okay so Irma might make landfall in my hometown . This is scary ! #HurricaneIrma
Red Cross staging supplies in NC as Irma nears
St Johns County shelters to open Saturday at 6 a . m . #Irma #firstalertwx
Stay updated out there folks !
Asia and Australia Edition Hurricane Irma North Korea Amazon Your Friday Bri
What happens to Miami students with no place to go when Irma hits ?
Hurricane The Damage So Far and Next
Hurricane Irma is coming our way
Hurricane Irma leaves ' unprecedented ' destruction in the Caribbean kills at least 13
Hurricane #Irma a powerful Category 5 storm destroyed 95 % of Barbuda's structures and vehicles .
Prayers to all in the path of Hurricane Irma !
This is a public service for those of us with loved ones in harm's way . Thanks
I have to sit in the car for 13 hours to evacuate hurricane Irma
Update posting photos from your vacation to the Bahamas does not constitute as helping those devastated by hurricane Irma .
Fucking LOL #BlackPeople #HurricaneIrma
Gas supply runs low in FL as 1000s leave #HurricaneIrma
Irma is going to hit all of Florida and only 2 people out of the 90 family members that live there are leaving
4 4 Existing reservations at Royal Palm Beach and Flamingo Beach through 11.20 . 17 will be contacted . #Irma
Florea 17 bardot
Hurricane Irma heads toward Florida people hope it hits Mar a Lago
Thousands Sign Petition to Change Hurricane Irmas Name to
#Bills #BuffaloBills Bills players ' families evacuate hunker down before Hurricane Irma #BillsFans
And Edition Hurricane North Amazon Your Briefing
A good article about #Irma and forecasting and records .
Love that island . #hurricaneimra is horrible on so many levels .
Omg . Praying for Florida and all those in the path of Hurricane Irma .
Two South Florida nuclear power plants lie in Irmas path . Are they ready ? #Irma
Our Weather Prediction Models Keep Getting Better and Hurricane Irma Is the Proof
WSJbusiness As companies ' IT teams prepare for Hurricane Irma some are using emergency procedures tested last mo
CommerceGov RT NWSDirector As #Irma threatens the US I urge everyone in FL GA SC NC to prepare now & follow
RT CRSnews " We're all watching Hurricane #Irma but Hurricane #Jose is right behind ... strengthens to a Category 2
If you go to a shelter for #Irma and you have a warrant you will gladly be escorted to a safe and secure ...
Got to hell
Cosmic Karma if Irma severely damaged Mar a Lago and then Jose finished the job and destroyed it .
Hurricane IRMA update day 2
Li rive wi #Irma #Juvenat
Look at how the path of #Irma has changed over time . with the latest at 5 . Follow our coverage here
Massive Destruction is headed toward our partners in Haiti . Please keep them in your prayers . #HurricaneIrma
Category 5 Hurricane Irma kills 10 in Caribbean heads for Florida #WNN7Com #WNN7 September 08 2017 at 01 36AM
#PascoCountyCourts closed Monday in anticipation of #HurricaneIrma . Office of Pasco County Clerk & Comptroller also will be closed .
Coastal SC medical facilities evacuating ; lane reversal general evacuation order likely #Irma via
when FSU says Irma won't effect us but I already booked a flight home ? ? For an entire week ? ? ?
Irma Still At A Level 5
Maps Tracking the Path of Hurricane Irma
One of the most beautiful places on this earth I've been fortunate enough to have visited seems to have vanished fo
WATCH LIVE Live coverage continues on Tri County plans to prepare for Hurricane Irma . Here's the latest inf
Hurricane Irma has devastated one of the most famous airports on Earth
You know it is serious when fuel trucks are getting police escorts . #Irma
I liked a video Hurricane Irma path LIVE COVERAGE stream Watch Tracking Hurrucane Irma arrive in
Man who else is relieved irma in DR dwngraded to tropical storm ?
We're evacuating due to Irma . Looking forward to listening to your music on the road though .
If you're in a position to volunteer here's the place to do it .
Airlines race to get as many flights out of Irma's path ahead of cancellations #news #CNBC
Our contacts in N . #Hispanola report #Irma did not hit as hard as expected . Farmers Philemon and Joab report those
Fun with models ! NO not Victoria Secret models but models forecasting Irma track
Last minute sand bags #irma 1 day away from #Miami #beach Miami Beach Florida
Please report on IRMA accurately . Irma is not the most powerful . Look at Hurricane Allen in 1980 with winds of 305 km h 190 mph .
Trump iRMa iS A DEuCE ! hTtPS t.Co AIE 4ec7cUB
BREAKING WATCH LIVE Tri county officials give an update about #HurricaneIrma preps . Where to get sandbags
Corporate Tech Teams Prep for Hurricane Irma
Of course Irma just shifted west A LOT
Hurricane Irma visiting Nagua Dominican Republic on Sept 7 2017 via
Irma barrels towards Bahamas
. remind us that FL residents can dial 2 1 1 for non emergency assistance #HurricaneIrma
' 17 HURRICANE .. IRMA .. also Back In 1987 via
Always good when an NHC scientist is bugging out about a storm .
Hurricane Irma Update for Customers
Hurricanes Katia Irma and Jose are developing almost close to each other already causing flood and devastation . Scary . #pathdaily
Irma is now an official #Sharknado5
A live look at Hurricane Irma . The hurricane killed at least 10 people as it hammered a string of northeast i
I'm waiting on but this is a terrible prediction from a highly accurate model .
Why NEX employees in Florida have to take Accrued Leave to be off during #HURRICANE IRMA CAN SOMEBODY SAY .
Oh well ... #HurricaneIrma
Our partner ShelterBox is monitoring Hurricane Irma and evaluating response needs . Learn more
Salute to everyone over at MUT thx for the work you guys put in for our community now go home and stay sa
3 States that haven't had a hurricane in 100 years are declaring emergencies over Irma Via
okay fine you were right
Professional surfer Zander Venezia 16 killed riding ' best wave of his life ' in Hurricane Irma swell
WATCH Irma the most powerful Atlantic hurricane in recorded history developed from a category 2 to a catego
Damn those in the path of #Irma need to evacuate this storm makes #Harvey look like a mild storm #Resist
Irma ... what an ugly ass name
The Latest Floridas fate depends on Irmas right turn
#Irma only moving at 16 mph ? ! Lmao y'all really want me to be afraid of a hurricane I can beat in a foot race ?
Proud the UK is leading the way with much needed support as so often at the forefront thanks to the generosity of
Retweeted ABC News Hurricane #Irma a powerful Category 5 storm destroyed 95 % of Barbuda's structures ...
Since Irma supposedly wiping shit away imma ask her to scoop my GPA along the way
Case in point why these storms ought to be named Hurricane Exxon and Hurricane Chevron
So about evacuation ... I was thinking about waiting till Sunday to see what category Irma will be before it hits us .
#MONEY #IRMA FoxBusiness Bannon Gary Cohn ' Absolutely ' Should Have Resigned After Criticizing Trump FOX Busin
#Irma #Hurricane Irma #FloridaKeys #Miami If you don't have resources to leave reach out to government churches
The Latest Irma prompts delay in death row inmate " s case ... #D7
#HurricaneIrma #forcastcone #coneofdeath pray for everyone in #southflorida especially
South Florida schools closed as the region braces for #HurricaneIrma .
RT gregorykorte President Trump expands Hurricane Irma emergency declaration to South Carolina . Already declared in Virgin Islands Puert
Jose now Cat 2 hurricane following Irma's track
The latest The Doran Daily ! #irma #harvey
A look at the damage from Hurricane Irma in the Caribbean
We are praying for everyone in the Caribbean Islands affected by Hurricane Irma .
for anyone that i'm waiting on commissions from lil update about my availability due to irma
Florida governor urges people in Irma's path to get out ' We can't save you ' via FOX NEWS #USCG #usarmy #usairforce #usnavy #usmarines # t
Needed to see our beautiful Florida beach one last time before evacuating . Prayers are needed that #Irma be kind to
THE NEW YORK TIMES Asia and Australia Edition Hurricane Irma North Korea Amazon Your Friday Briefing #Pagina
THE NEW YORK TIMES Hurricane Irma The Damage So Far and Whats Next #PaginaNuova #Press
#Irma and #Harvey are the proof that the BLESSINGS of PROSPERITY and PEACE are NO MATCH for the forces of destructi
Someone commented that Isis is going to claim responsibility for Irma
Yup ... If u don't have the means to fly ... It's pointless to evacuate ... Florida is a narrow state and irma can hit a
Calming down now that Irma has passed . Glad i had these to get me through . Shoutput to #IrmaPR
Our first tournament of the year at Kiawah Island has been cancelled due to expected weather from Hurricane Irma .
For all of those IRMA that are concerned about hurricane damage during the 48 hour period before it hits you hav
Wall Street slips as media stocks Hurricane Irma weigh Reuters #TopNews #India
good capitalism at work everyone . What a heartless thing . Jet Blue is doing well by doing good .
I guess this is why we have always dealt with #Irma
What Happened as Floridians Frantically Scrambled for Generators Before Hurricane Irma via
Why is Hurricane Irma expected to take that hard turn north ? Derek Kevra Fox 2 has the science behind it
The latest The Alessandro Donadio Daily ! Thanks to dainesi #blockchain #irma
I can't tell if literally everything in the world is satire or not hurricane Irma now ' contains sharks ' apparently
Woah ! ! That's terrifying ! #hurricaneirma #wordoftheday #leviathan #seamonster
AJEnglish Island of Barbuda barely habitable after Hurricane Irma
ALERT College of Charleston Libraries Closing 11 00PM Thursday September 7 Due to
' Barbuda is literally rubble ' Robert de Niro vows to help Caribbean island rebuild after Hurricane Irma
Hurricane Irma UK increases relief fund to 32m The prime minister defends the government's response followi ..
Thanks . Hopefully Irma spares us all .
thank u trump for this genius insight
Tracking Hurricane Irma
#HowTo Here's how to use Zello the walkie talkie app people are downloading ahead of Hurricane Irma
ABCWorldNews RT DavidMuir This is horrific .
Great free resource for parents teachers and volunteers working with kids affected by #HurricaneHarvey and soon
Our hearts are with everyone prepping for Hurricane Irma . The main concern is that you stay safe .
I'm sure you've seen this already . If not crazy stuff . Several tweets about this flight .
Miami Dade is about to attempt the countys largest mandatory evacuation ever 650 000 residents and counting
Go away Irma . You're really not welcome here in #yeahTHATgvl
Honestly leave it to my people to have music playing as if they ain't driving through the worst conditions
Idk y this has me so dead people rlly out there partying instead of preparing for the hurricane lmao #Irma
This makes me proud that my company and are partners .
Newsroom I'm watching your every move . #GeneralSands #JulianAssange #WikiLeaks #FBI #CIA #Irma #Anonymous
Prepping for the #hurricaneirma God bless us all #irma #hurricane #hurricaneprep
I would love to be eating a lobster and celebrating #grandparentsday on 9 10 . I live in Florida so I w
A decision will not be made by the Governor until TOMORROW whether to close schools statewide because of Hurricane Irma on 9 11 and 9 12 .
Hurricane Irma scenarios for Florida and factors making the forecast a tough call
ill be at camp flog gnaw during the rescheduled tallahassee dates for goldlink if anyone wants to buy my two ticket
Irma is on her way . Be safe everyone . #hurricane #hurricaneirma #florida #floridaweather #tampa
right up I75 ? Even #HurricaneIrma is following the evac route
Our thoughts are with folks preparing for Hurricane Irma . The main priority is that YOU stay safe .
Thread from scientist at the National Hurricane Center
European model predicts worst case scenario for Irma like a tornado over your house for 30 minutes CNN Raw St
Our hearts are with all prepping for Irma . The main priority is that you stay safe .
NOT
nowhere to run or hide Irma bring yo funky ass hoe
#Irma and #Harvey are the proof that the BLESSINGS of PROSPERITY and PEACE are NO MATCH for the forces of ...
Updated evacuation map
BIG SHOUTOUT to not gouging Florida residents trying to escape #Irma . Thanks !
... if your curious why all the stations are referencing the European models . #HurricaneIrma
#Nuclear plants in Hurricane #Irma's path are shutting down
if u ever wanted to kill me do it now before irma does
Cuba's socialist organisation steams ahead to prepare for #HurricaneIrma2017 !
The Day after tomorrow is all I'm thinking about
The difference between " doomsday prophecy " and " somebody's going to lose an eye " is that DP always puts the power i
Irma is lookin at you w her one eye for this tweet
Irma Survivors Describe Horror Movie as Deadly Monster Storm Heads for the U . S . via
I'm watching one punch man to get ready for my fight with hurricane Irma
Actually I wanted go on holiday to St . Martin but as you know the island is devastated by Irma . I hope that everybody is ok there !
Dammit #Irma leave my parents alone ! ! To everyone in its path stay safe .
Hurricane Irma Moves North of Hispaniola #Mayabeque #RadioMayabeque #Cuba #CubaRadio95
Paradise lost Hurricane Irma devastates luxury islands VIDEOS PHOTOS
They said I'm the news that Irma is the biggest hurricane in world history lol .. WORLD HISTORY
Thats my home dawg . Real shit ... my family its all there . And when Matthew went through St Aug shit was baadd . Now Irma is MUCH worse
Hahaha ! #hurricane #hurricaneirma #obscuremoviereference
HURRICANE IRMA LIVE FOOTAGE ! TRACKING HURRICANE IRMA
What if Irma comes to Toronto ? fuck global warming fr fr
Irma's dick doesn't even fit on the screen . It has to curve all the way back up to the bottom right corner . Way big
What do you make of Irma and Jose in proximity tracks ?
Need hurricane supplies ? We've got plenty of local bottles and cans in stock ! Mix & match any $ 2 cans ToGo to make
OMG .. people really believe IRMA contains sharks . Well I mean ocean contains sharks but they won't fly in a ...
Soooo who trying to fall in love with me before Irma breaks Florida ? ?
Very urgent message from a meteorologist to Florida about #Irma
As the Caribbean and the Southeast prepare for Irma take a look at six of the worst hurricanes in U . S . history .
Due to the current path of Hurricane Irma we are CANCELLING all weekend services September 910 . Its human natur
Great . The death knell ... #Irma
Here are the guidelines for bridge closures in Jacksonville via
Hurricane Irma all the news on one of the strongest hurricanes to hit the Atlantic
Keep up to date on the latest numbers forced to evacuate ahead of Irma ... #hurricaneirma #irma #irmalatest #florida
Let's pray for all the believers in the way of hurricane Irma . Let's pray for them to be safe . If you have ...
Nice knowin ' y'all .
Bridgetown family struggles to leave Florida ahead of Irma
Change the Name of Hurricane Irma to Hurricane Ivanka
#HurricaneIrma2017 could hit my hometown . Praying for all in the path of this terrible storm .
Our hearts and minds are with GFC partners Pax Christi Ayiti Haiti and Fundacin La Merced Dominican Republic n
Hurricane Irma reaching Turks and Caicos.So worried about my friends on the islands . Many good people live there .
#Irma moving westward toward the central Bahamas earlier today . For the latest Irma info go to
These people voluntarily deciding to ride out #HurricaneIrma are making a very unwise decision even the hunters are dumb IMHO .
Please we all need Irma to make a sharp turn into the Atlantic . The death toll is bad enough already . But again hope for the best .
I ain't a bad guy don't kill me Irma
All Eyes on Irma Who's Keeping Tabs
Life saving reminder do not leave animals behind during #HurricaneIrmabring them w you !
Near uniformity among the Ensembles . #Irma #TrackingIrma #Tropics
Tracking the relief effort
It would be super fitting for a dangerous lady named Irma to destroy Trump's precious Mar A Lago .
#HurricaneIrma2017 aftermath
Ouch ! Be careful ...
radica Thank the Gods Irma and Jose are missing you
WWE NXT Live Events Postponed Due To Hurricane Irma
Air travelers flee Florida in anticipation of Hurricane Irma #florida #vacationrental
Wtf .. all these stupid changes in the middle of #Harvey and #Irma ? This isn't a coincidence . You can't get away wit
JUST IN CCPL will be closed starting Friday . Details here #chsnews #Irma
Evacuation resources for #florida for #irma including animal resources ! #IrmaFlorida
FOXNEWS 1 10pm HURRICANE IRMA TRAPS NEWLYWED COUPLE . . DURING HONEYMOON IN THE CARIBBEAN HURRICANE IRMA TRAPS NEWLYWED COUPLE . DURING ...
Irma is such a Cuban ass name it actually kind of cracks me up .
I'm really worried about MIAMI if you are there GET OUT NOW #HurricaneIrma
NBCNEWS reports Turks & Caicos Bahamas brace for Category 5 Hurricane Irma
But according to Trump administration climate change is " fake . " Enjoy your season disbelievers ...
Yeah and Shady Grady is going to card you and arrest you . Stay the fuck away . #HURRICANEIRMA #florida
i should dump the million shitty tweets in my drafts since irma might kill me . it's important that u all remember t
Is that just before hurrican Irma hits the square ?
Hurricane Irma Update National Guardsmen Activated Some Healthcare Facilities Ordered To Evacuate
RT DLoesch " This is beautiful . God bless this sweet man .
EuropeUnion Click HERE #EU #News #EuropeUnion Hurricane Irma 180mph winds batter Cari
Harvey and Irma Married 75 Years Marvel at the Storms Bearing Their Names The New York Times
Hurricane games #hurricaneIrma #theWait #ChildrenAreBlissfullyUnaware
News Irma you illiterate f # % k
praying for family in barbados today . stay strong #hurricaneirma
Puerto Rico escapes direct hit but remains vulnerable to climate changes impacts via
#DisneyCruise cut short for #Irma staff AMAZING HORRIFIC !
FLORIDA Stay connected throughout #Irma by using XFINITY's wifi hot spots available to both customers and non cu
Hurricane Irma party will now be hosted at our home in Trini . Condo secured boat cars stored inland with flight out booked for tomorrow
Irma Update . I got more wine and candy and vodka today since the eye is hitting us . I'm fine . This is fine .
Limbaugh Irma is " an exciting thing " for " the left " b c they're " always working on moving their agenda forward "
Lmfao i really hate yall man
Needed that reminder ... thank you ! #irma coverage almost made me forget
Useful tips for our those in Irma's path .
I wrote a few blog posts today about what hurricane pressure means how #irma got so strong and how dangerous its
It was a big big world but we thought we were bigger ... #globalwarmingisreal #HurricaneIrma2017
Here is the current outlook regarding Irma .
Feeling a bit of teachus interruptus evacuation order for 6 00am tomorrow . #HurricaneIrma #MGT414 #SANSTampa
Hurricane Irma & Harvey a Transportation Management System and You
imagine the hurricanes as people consider jose and katina being 2 girls just attracted by irma
Looks like the atmospheric pressure drops significantly just before landfall in FL . Lower pressure means more power
Multiple Deaths Reported In The Aftermath Of Hurricane Irma
Hey #MAGA kiss ur f #ckin wall goodbye u selfish pigs.Harvey #HurricaneIrma our brethren in Puerto Rico ? Nah no Piss off #USAFirst !
Lord we know the wind and waves obey your WILL ! With your help we are declaring " Peace Be Still " to Irma .
I do love Orlando sometimes . Hurricane Irma Lowe's customer gives last generator to fellow shopper via
Wishing #HurricaneIrma would go away and bring back this gorgeous view ! Prayers for all affected
Dr Leon Sealey Huggins Ayo from speaks live on en about the social impact of
Will #HurricaneIrma have an impact on #PEI ? ' s has the latest . #weather #wind
We love you
A . M . Best Comments on Potential Impact of #HurricaneIrma on #Caribbean Property Casualty Insurers .
this is your neighborhood for sure
Not all heroes wear capes but some carry a shovel and others a plastic bag . #HurricaneIrma #SafetyFirst
To all people there facing it ... be courageous !
Please make sure your pets are safe . They rely and need you for protection .
' Really a horrendous situation ' Puerto Rico blacked out as Hurricane Irma levels Caribbean island of Barbuda http
he sure does have a way with words !
This wind map shows just how crazy the storm situation is right now w #Irma in the middle . Map via
200 MPH God help us this is horrific .
With Hurricane Irma Miami could be facing its nightmare storm scenario Mashable
irma is supposed to hit where i live ..
Maybe it's time to reverse the flow on the Southbound side . 20 million more people might want to leave soon . #Irma
Really hoping that somewhere today we can find gas .. FU . Irma
. statedeptspox We continue to monitor path & impact of #Irma . We are working w partners to provide life saving support to those
ABC Hurricane #Irma a powerful Category 5 storm destroyed 95 % of Barbuda's structures and vehicles .
Richard Branson's luxury Necker Island completely destroyed by Hurricane Irma via
in today's podcast I tackle Washington & nat disasters > w #Irma #harvey #nfip
Hurricane Irma
For those of us staying in Florida to assist don't forget to sign up ! Deployment will be available in all countie
. USAID has deployed a disaster assistance response team DART to the #Caribbean in response to Hurricane #Irma
Airlines determine schedule changes & cancellations . Check airline websites & mob
Check out this article from #weatherchannel
My city
Currently in Providenciales Turks & Caicos . #HurricaneIrma is approaching .
Doomsday scenario for sern fl
Hope all my fellow Floridians stay safe during #HurricaneIrma x
16 year old surfing pro dies during Hurricane Irma via
Lord I pray for your hand of protection over my family other Floridians and other areas ... #HurricaneIrma
i need to know where does the name hurricane irma come from bc that's a finnish name ? ?
Praying for all in the Islands and in Florida affected by Irma ... this is very very hard for u all ... u
We are a resilient community and we will bounce back from this once again . #virginislandsstrong #HurricaneIrma2017
This is a stunning view of #Irma2017 SatServ
Thread
W the 1800 UTC advisory #Irma was category 5 for 4th most in the Atlantic 1 Cuba 32 3.25 d 2 Allen 80 3d 3 Ivan 04 2.5 d 4 Irma 17 2.25 d
For developing countries reckoning with disasters like Irma will be harder thanks to Trump via
#HurricaneIrma HURRICANE SUPPLY UPDATE Home Depot has announced that they're now officially out of jugs .
No thanks Hurricane Irma ... America is doing just fine destroying itself ...
El Rushbo the oxyconservative performance artist vs . Irma the Liberal Hoax A Tale of Two Ill Winds .
Evacuate now ! #HurricaneIrma2017 may result in horrible loss of Democratic lives while saves only Covfefe Co
Florida nervously awaits Hurricane Irma as Caribbean endures historic storms wrath The Washington Post #Irma
and ... free delivery yet for Florida residents trying to save gas for #HurricaneIrma ?
Irma is gonna swerve us y'all gon see
JamisonG Are you bugging out for Irma ?
I liked a video Tracking Hurricane Irma and Jose Outlook for Sept . 7 2017
Saw him on Fox today there'll b deputy every shelter checking for sex offenders & ppl w warrants
#HurricaneWatch for #HurricaneIrma in #Florida #FLKeys #palmbeachcounty #MiamiDade #ftlauderdale #KeyWest Sept . 7
Don't you love it when the government is trying to get you killed ? Ahh America .
If Irma continues its course we will have a tropical storm in Clearwater FL I just found out that We live in a no evacuation zone . Good news
Not sure what I had in mind when I bought this unreasonable amount of bungee cords . Bungee . Cords .
The plus side of a hurricane all the books to read all the BOOKS ! #HurricaneIrma #Irma2017
Hey Florida Babies <3 PSA Due to Ms . Irma paying us Floridians a visit J'Adore will be
Hurricane Irma Petition To Rename Storm To Ivanka Gains Thousands Of Signatures
Maybe . Now if Irma takes a hard right at Florida and heads towards DC ...
As we prepare for #hurricaneirma please keep #florida in your prayers . Pray for #carribean
Sweet mother of god !
yet is only closed monday because they're too worried about this damn football game happening .. ridiculous
Graham #Please #Pray for #Florida #Pray for every #Floridian & #Tourists #Pray #Irma #Miraculously dissap
Looked out at this beautiful resort from my apartment window everyday and can't believe the damage that was done
Many prayers for the Island of Barbuda . The island was flattened by Irma . Wind gust was measured up to 230 mph .
The president of the United States used a government agency for a hashtag . Amazing .
After Irma there's another hurricane on the way #globalwarming
Anyone whos over charging for water batteries food or gas should be ASHAMED of themselves ! ! How do you sleep at night ? #HurricaneIrma
CMS suspends Medicare enrollment screening reqs for providers in places hit by Harvey Irma to allow Medicare billing . What could go wrong ?
Georgia braces for Irma ; Gov . orders coastal areas to evacuate
I am going to miss playing d2 because irma won't let me but what do you guys think about the exotic
Irma is only latest setback for PR . Parts of the U . S . territory could be blacked out for months .
Look how flat it is ! Like a disk ... Lets hear it for the flat earthers
The shelves are #GlutenFree Wheat still matters when you want to stay alive .
Travelers To And From Florida Trying To Beat Irma
HURRICANE SNAKE EYES ! Clear eyes for both HURRICANE IRMA and HURRICANE JOSE . Two killers .
One Meteorologist's #ThursdayThoughts on #HurricaineIrma " Unstoppable "
Praying it is all still there to go back to ! #naplesflorida #swflorida #hurricaneirma
Pro Surfer 16 Dies Trying to Catch a Wave in Barbados During Hurricane Irma
Strapping down the boat ! ! #Irma #floridalife #Peelertime #JupiterBoats Pompano Beach
HURRICANE IRMA LIVE Tracking HEADING TOWARD FLORIDA 185 MPH CAT 5 Cuba ...
Have more important things to deal with like #HurricaneIrma . Have a good day .
Irma & Harvey should kill any doubt climate change is real via w &
Not only did we miss the finals but we have evacuate from #HurricaneIrma2017
Tropical triple threat Hurricanes Jose and Katia could join Irma striking land this weekend .
Heartbreaking . #IrmaHurricane
Hurricane Irma has left death and devastation in its wake as it barrels through the northern Caribbean
I have no canned food a couple bottles of water and no gas in my car for hurricane irma and this is what my mom se
Some just ended up flying up here to NY BOS or flying out west to CA . This shit is unreal
Most Florida flood zone property not insured #Irma #FloodInsurance Federal flood insurance programs are a ...
ISIS Supporters Celebrate Hurricane Irma This is the Reward of Your Crimes Against Muslims
I added a video to a playlist FULL . Hurricane Irma Emergency Communications Test of my VHF Go Kit
We continue to track Hurricane #Irma's path . has the latest forecast after the break . #StormWatchOn2
#Cuba evacuates 10 000 foreign tourists as Irma approaches
Irma and Florida Confidence in the hurricanes forecast track is growing
I love how IRMA decides to directly hit both of my homes
WSB TV A look at the damage from Hurricane Irma in the Caribbean
Best advice I can give anyone who doesn't know shit but has heard all the stories of a baby ass Andrew next to Irma is respect this storm .
Players are dreading how the postponement of the Dolphins Bucs game because of Hurricane Irma Business Insider
President Trumps and Richard Bransons Caribbean homes destroyed by Hurricane Irma MarketWatch
This shit sounds evil #HurricaneIrma smh #PuertoRico #LordKnows prayers going up
An agency that recently had been in danger of being eliminated pledges grants to hurricane hit institutions
FCC grants waiver of Lifeline non usage and recertification rules for Puerto Rico and Virgin Islands . #Irma
But nah Climate Change isn't a thing
Order hotel w to escape #HurricaneIrma & find they bait & switched me . Price $ 240 higher than quoted ! Way to screw the vulnerable !
Packing away my office for #HurricaneIrma .
Cates sorry but we're doing this ok ok
Hurricane Irma Pet Safety Tips Before Storm
but my passport expired
What do you suppose Pat God Sends Hurricanes to Destroy Disney World Cuz of Gays Robertson will say if Irma levels Mar a Lago ?
Brett is a good guy . Wishing well to all beings in & near the path of #Irma .
Emergency preparedness experts UNCMed and Dr . Jim Larson talk about preparing for Irma . Good advice .
Hurricane Irma A Debt Deal and Disney Cause Wall Street Waves
Hurricane Irma One of the Most Powerful in History Roars Across Caribbean
Hurricane Irma State preparing Tampa Bay interstates for evacuations
Any news on punta cana effect from hurricane irma
Oh my gosh . Help these people please .
Certainly the MSM will no doubt blame Trump . He probably also caused hurricane Irma .
Hurricane Irma has devastated one of the most famous airports in the world
Hurricane Irma is very scary . Hoping everyone in its path stays safe and sending positivity to those that have ...
Irma likely to join long list of retired hurricane names that start with ' I '
New post Airlines race to get as many flights out of Irma's path before a wave of cancellations
Prayers for protection from Hurricane Irma
Sarasota Declares State Of Emergency Ahead Of Hurricane Irma
The Soggy Dollar is gone . Obv the focus should be on people homes but it's still hitting me hard . #irma #BVI #ripSoggyDollar
F'bombs all around . Gotta make tough choices about gulf and east coast .. Can't keep rebuilding the way we've allowed
Google Maps will mark road closures in real time in Florida ahead of Hurricane Irma
Irma might run us all out of Florida
You know what all y'all really need to chill tf out
The latest The Ms M Daily ! #hurricaneirma #brexit
I'm prepared for the hurricane all I need to stick it out for a couple days #hurricaneIrma
BBC News Hurricane Irma Visual guide
BREAKING FLORIDA IRMA UPDATES Florida officials are discussing the latest on the hurricane . Watch below . htt
CCFR update regarding Hurricane Irma
FHP escorting gas tankers into the port . Crazy .
Who the hell is Irma ?
Hurricane #Irma bears down on Turks and Caicos islands
The latest #lwili news le Journal ! #irma2017 #irma
NEWSBREAK Category 5 Hurricane Irma kills 10 in Caribbean heads for Florida
#HurricaneIrma is not going to help with #zika
Sacramento News Incredible videos show power of Hurricane Irma
Be safe this weekend I'm rooting for you & your family to make it through #Irma
Watch how fast Trump approves a foreign disaster aid package for St Martin .
AutoNews Now Irma's impact on dealerships ' We're already shut down '
we floridians make jokes about irma but we know we gonna die
In other Hurricane Irma news since we still have no power in the building we have arrived at the traditional
Jacksonville evacuations for HurricaneIrma still voluntary ; mandatory possible by morning Jim Piggott
Jumping on the air with in a few minutes to chat and #Hurricaneirma and what we can ex
Just wanna commend on his awesome communication in regards to #HurricaneIrma thank you for doing your best on keeping us safe
Delta is also adding a bunch of seats out of MIA FLL MCO SRQ NAS FPO and PUJ today Ranges from 1 100 down to 20 .
What Happened as Floridians Frantically Scrambled for Generators Before Hurricane Irma Left a Reporter in Tears
The day's best story . Irma and Harvey NOT a stormy marriage .
The destruction is massive France Netherlands Britain mobilise to aid Caribbean islands hit by #Irma #StMaarten
Hello . I was wondering what Irma's current ACE stands at ? I've heard approaching 50 units is this true ?
hope this works out
This isn't from Hurricane Irma stop retweeting this . Fake !
Irma had to ruin my lazy days wtf
i needed that . frantic work with all the animals by myself . but we will come thru Irma . We will survive . Thanks for
Is it weird feeling horny for hurricane Irma ? I will go shame me till I die
Can yall stop retweeting the same 3 articles about irma Jesus Christ I get it it's gonna suck SHUT UP
3 Things You Should Do If Hurricane Irma Cancelled Your Cruise
Delta is capping ticket prices and waiving pet fees for people escaping Hurricane Irma
My family are away fly into Hurricane Irma & I'm left at home picking up dog shit for the next 2 weeks ! Still think I've got the raw deal
Hurricane Irma brings death and destruction to the Caribbean
I liked a video WARNING ! HURRICANE IRMA IS HITTING FLORIDA ! WORLDS BIGGEST HURRICANE
Limbaugh is a fatuous ass . #irma #AGW #limbaugh
Residents of Carrollwood Station As Hurricane Irma approaches our beautiful State of Florida many of our ...
To all my classroom colleagues and their families who are in Irma's path BE SAFE ! ! !
Grateful that hurricane Irma skimmed DR . I pray it's as merciless w Cuba and FL
Hurricane Irma Has Devastated One of the Most Famous Airports on Earth #Iran
Incredible images of Hurricane Irma .. Related Articles
Okay I literally pissed my pants at this but NOOOOOOO
At this time I am really concerned about how Irma is going to affect me . Even ...
URGENT CALL HAS BEEN MADE ! NEEDS H
How to use Zello the walkie talkie app people are downloading ahead of Hurricane Irma
I've made all my friends in Florida keep me up to date with their safety . I'm praying no one else dies from Hurricane Irma
If they're mobile home move them !
Scientific Center Adopts Measures against Probable Hit of Hurricane Irma #Mayabeque #Cuba #CubaRadio95
Everything you need to survive a storm as Hurricane Irma zeroes in on Florida .
Georgia governor orders nearly 540 000 residents to evacuate ahead of Irma
Hurricane Irma takes aim at Trump's Mar a Lago social media goes wild my #YT
Hurricane's make me fat ! I've already eaten my emergency snack supply . Reasons I don't keep shit food my home #HurricaneIrma #FLproblems
#Water sold out ? #HurricaineIrma #HurricaneIrma2017 #Irma #Florida
Turkey Point has already weathered one category 5
Is that a water heater ? Lol
hey Darlin . Headed to Georgia with power crews for #Irma and we are looking for rooms . Your family got any couches ?
Irma on a collision course with Miami after wrecking Caribbean
Irma try calm it down before it reach yasso enu cause me nuh inna it
If u leave your pets behind when fleeing #HurricaneIrma then ur gonna get hit by Hurricane Me next
WTVM reports RT ABC Hurricane #Irma a powerful Category 5 storm destroyed 95 % of Barbuda's structures and veh
WTVM reports Look at how the path of #Irma has changed over time . wtvmweather with the latest at 5 . Follow our
... " drove him into the shallow rocky bottom where he hit his head on the reef was knocked unconscious and drow
This is insane .
Cubs Players Take Field With Hurricane Irma On Their Minds
Hurricane Irma kills six on Caribbean island St Martin official by RO Water Filter
Author nicole bitette Robert De Niro plans to rebuild the Hurricane ravaged island of Barbuda .
LIVE NOW Massive traffic jam as thousands flee Hurricane Irma
#noticias NOTICIAS LTIMA HORA HOY 7 SEPT HURACAN IRMA YA ES CONSIDERADO EL PEOR DE TODA LA HISTORIA
16 year old professional surfer dies catching a wave during Hurricane Irma Other Sports
Hurricane Irma Churning Over Dominican Republic Heads Toward Turks and Caicos
Leave now for Fla & path north east
Cruise ship at Port of Palm Beach offered as escape during Irma
How Floridians can protect pets before Hurricane Irma Preparation ! ABC News via #Florida #pets #cats #dogs
Peaceful happenings today by #hurricaneirma #irma
Wall St . slips as media stocks Hurricane Irma weigh Reuters
The amount of moeny and power he has with the lack of intelligence is scarier than any nuclear bomb
Asia and Australia Edition Hurricane Irma North Korea Amazon Your Friday Briefing NYTi
FEMA Chief Miami Beach Mayor Warn " Get Out Now This Is A Devastating Nuclear Hurricane " Zero Hedge
In response to Hurricane Irma we will be closed on Saturday and Sunday . We anticipate re opening on Monday Sept . 11 . Stay safe out there .
THREAD . My friend just lived thru Irma on Puerto Rico . It is serious .
U STILL HAVEN'T DROPPED THE BOMBS TO BREAK UP IRMA ! ? I THOUGHT THAT WE ELECTED A TAKE CHARGE GUY ! GUESS WE WERE WRONG ! NOT TOO LATE ! !
#IRMA If you have closures you'd like to report email us at closings
Love this guy !
Oh Lord please be with those people
For questions or to speak to someone in regards to Hurricane Irma call the FLETC call center 912 554 4900
Econo Lodge in #DublinGA has rooms for tonight & tomorrow . Call 478 304 1165 #hurricaneirma
I'm gonna be honest I'm fucking terrified of Irma
Talladega Superspeedway offering free campground for Irma evacuees
Get ready Florida ... go inland ... stay safe ... take your bike helmet with you !
Irma could test strength of Floridas strict building codes
K I J K L M N O P See the pattern yet ?
The latest The Law Offices of Bobby Jones Weekly ! Thanks to #irma
Reading ' s book and just came to the chapter where Drudge made the same claim about Hurricane Matthew in O
The latest Catalyst NOW ! ! #hurricaneirma #deirezzor
Miami Dade Mayor Makes Hurricane Irma Announcement Trump Won't Be Happy
Hurricane Irma Which areas are at risk ? The regions that forecasters warn lie in the path of t .. #breakingnews
Hurricane Irma is forcing Allegiant to cancel several flights CLICK BELOW FOR FULL STORY ...
Latest European Model projecting Hurricane Irma path shows shift west .
Sarasota groups that work with different animals are taking precautions to keep them all safe during #HurricaneIrma
Yeooww We can confirm that WS2738 has been cancelled for September 9th due to Hurricane Irma .
CNN MSNBC Blame Climate Change For Irma VIDEO via
Getting ready to record this week's podcast #Irma #DACA on tap for discussion .
Hurricane Irma is unlikely to wash away the excess capital depressing reinsurance rates .
Hurricane Irma Creates Travel Chaos Cancels Flights And Cruises #Colorado
Waited in gas line for 45 min . am in Central west coast Florida all gas stations were empty yesterday only one stat
Hurricane Irma a Debt Deal and Disney Cause Wall Street Waves YAHOO !
I saw this on the BBC and thought you should see it Hurricane Irma UK increases relief fund to 32m
. is tracking #Irma live on Facebook right now
Irma Jose and now #Katia What on earth is going on and how often does this happen ? Katia #Katia
#WWE postpones Florida NXT shows due to Hurricane Irma
Everybody gonna be pregnant next summer after Irma ... except me #AintNoBabies
Georgia Governor Orders Nearly 540 000 Residents To Evacuate Ahead Of Irma #allPolitics
Why Hurricane Harvey and Hurricane Irma Are Terrific News For This One Company
TIME How to prepare for Hurricane Irma and other storms this hurricane season
in case you gents are wondering why we have good idea Irma is gonna hi
RT DLoesch " One of the most beautiful places on earth . Praying for them and everyone in the path of Irma .
Heres why Irma is a monster hurricane in one GIF .
lol trump just be running his mouth without thinking
Screw you Irma .
this thread . he's a scientist at the NHC .
if you can't balance that head on your shoulder you should be able to stand anything . hell you should be
There was a dangerous flash flooding in Africa . Irma destroyed the islands bordering America .
I don't give a shit Amanda . People are dying .
A great story of #civictech stepping up to the plate .
Terrifying images from . Stay safe out there .
WTF Cruise Lines ? ... Cruise passengers dropped off in Miami ahead of Irma are scrambling to get out
yes ! im coming with
This is hilarious to me .
Irma devastated Barbuda but it didn't ' wipe the island off the map '
Please Irma destroy Mar a Lago
Wow westward shifting trend for #Irma2017 #Irma
IRMA continues to ride a steady stable motion north of forecast points w increasingly gaining latitude . Corrective
CNN 1 18pm MANDATORY EVACUATIONS IN COASTAL AREAS AHEAD OF IRMA FLORIDA PREPS FOR MASS EVACUATIONS AHEAD OF IRMA
Fiesta Restaurant 6.7 % is my Stock of the Day . Hurricane Irma may hurt business & Piper Jaffray said sell . $ FRGI
TELL ME WHY TF MY MOM SAID THE SAME WHEN HARVEY WAS BOUT TO HIT
Absolutely appalling !
Live Updates Death Toll Rises To 10 As Destructive Hurricane Irma Heads Towards Florida
#Irma #HurricaneIrma #Hurricane CAT 5 175mph 922mb MOV ONO 16mph RUMBO IMPACTAR A #LittleInagua #GreatInagua #Turks
RT CRSEthicalTrade " RT CatholicRelief Latest photos from Hurricane #Irma hitting the #Caribbean . Follow CRS ' roby
Richmond County schools closed due to Irma Click to share on Twitter Opens in new window Click to share on Googl
#Irma is as big as Ohio
Hurricane Irma Live updates
Model forecast tracks for Irma this afternoon left versus Wednesday afternoon right . Via
' When natural disasters hit Haiti there is always a huge chance of death ' Laura Bicker #Irma
Well this is the best thing ever .
Yeah I'm kinda scared I'm kinda freaking out cuz Katrina and wilma were nothing like Irma .
2 days till Harricane Irma via
Where the hell did Baruda come from ? I never heard of it until Irma ..
Atlanta Braves are offering free tix due to #HurricaneIrma .
Comcast opens 137 000 Xfinity Wi Fi hotspots to all in Florida to help people stay connected alive during Irma .
Harvey and Irma are a mean couple . Let us pray for everyone in the path of Hurricane Irma .
Hurricane Irma Storms Toward U . S . Jonathan Falwell and Wife Survive Devastation on St . Martin
Helpful hints for those in the path of #Irma or other hurricanes #BePrepared #Florida #SpreadTheWord
#Irma & #Jose look like the eyes of a wolf ready to devour its prey ! For all of those in its path I now pray
People on FB are starting to annoy me Thinking they all know what Hurricane Irma is going to do . The storm is bigger than the whole state !
Who the fuck is recording this
This is one of the pictures of her and her family who is #missing . #HurricaneIrma2017 #AntiguaBarbuda
Georgia governor orders mandatory evacuation for areas of the state ahead of Irma
All these Hurricane Categories with Beautiful Surnames IRMA KATRINA HARVEY SANDY CAMILLE . Tf is wrong with you people
Pittsburgh Area Could Feel Irma's Wrath Tuesday
Praying for Florida hope everyone is safe & those who got told to evacuated evacuated & didn't leave their animals behind #HurricaneIrma
Just say " Classes won't be canceled grow up . "
Here's a story about non hurricanes Harvey and Irma who have been married for 75 years
A Delta jet made a miraculous escape from Hurricane Irma by flying between the storm's bands DAL
Ways To Keep Your Cell Phone Charged During A Storm #HurricaneIrma #Florida #StormWatch
Andrew 1992 meet #Irma 2017 ! The future of #ClimateChange
most of you know i spend alot of time in south florida and thru the keys hoping irma goes out 2 sea . I might stay home this winter #run
Airline stocks hit as Hurricane Irma spurs flight cancellations via
Best part of #irma coverage is the SC governor's highly expressive asl interpreter
While #HurrcaneIrma brings fear the people of Miami will stand together & show who we truly are . Love your neighbo
The latest Force of Nature ! #hurricaneirma #brexit
wolf is better and I hope that youre happy because youre why irma is a thing
4 45 PM on The Florida Channel Hurricane Irma Update
Emergency Alert Current information regarding Hurricane Irma and Augusta's support efforts can be found here .
Hurricane pack !
Irma really came to shit on every other hurricane in history and the human race .
omg i swear if irma ruins the chipotle by my house i'm gonna lose it
Commack Fire Department To Continue Supply Drive In Anticipation Of Hurricane Irma
Conviently seeing family and friends while escaping irma traveling to PHL from Miami International Airport MIA
Hurricane Irma Barrels Through Caribbean Leaving Behind Total Carnage
So I know the big stories are #HurricaneIrma #Harvey #DPRK #Antifa #TrumpRussia & more . Still Roger fucking Water
Well I mean he's not wrong .
We hope everyone in Florida is prepared and safe for this weekend ! #HurricaneIrma2017
Tribute to your goddess I need to buy water & flashlights for hurricane Irma #findom #paypig #walletdrain #finsub #femdom #payslave
Damn ... I didn't know about this didn't see a price either .
Not sure what #hurricaneirma is gonna bring but we are playing it safe . All boarded up and headed out . Please say
Omg I went to that Mcdonalds all the time
Georgia Carolinas Governors Declare Emergencies As Irma Powers On #BLM #blacklivesmatter
#HurricaneIrma Hopefully ppl take the proper precaution .. #DUVAL #MyCity
No way this looks beyond awful for us in #Florida #HurricaneIrma2017
Hurricane Irma Where is the Category 5 storm now and where is it headed next ? via
If you are currently in Irma's path please take precautions be safe stay positive . xo
An important message from the ! wx
The latest Unwired News ! Thanks to #irma #smallcells
Perhaps Rudder should enlarge and try devouring Irma before it makes landfall .
Seems appropriate with #Irma bearing down ... Where Are You Going ? Dave Matthews Band Subtitled YouTube
Can't look away . The YouTube live chat debating God's existence as CNN airs Irma coverage
I'm going to get affected by Hurricane Irma this weekend . Would be interested to see your take on it's toll so far .
why don't you do it ? chicken shit ?
That Gif comparison is horrific
ALL FLIGHTS OUT OF FLORIDA ARE SOLD OUT ! ! ! AIRLINES ARE NOT BOOKING ANYMORE FLIGHTS ... SOO WHOEVER IS LEFT IN FLORIDA ... IRMA'S COMING
Hurricane Irma " Pam Brekke's father is on oxygen . She ran into Lowe's and we watched her breakdown in tears ...
Important information from the on ways to prepare for a disaster . #IRMA #IRS
Hurricane Irma Nearly 1000 in Broward shelters already ; last flight from airport Friday night Sun Sentinel
NEW NASA FOOTAGE OF HURRICANE IRMA shows a potentially catastrophic Hurricane hit US Flat Earth via
Its what he deserves
One NYT reader's reaction to Hurricane Irma
Orlando area cancellations begin as Irma prepares for weekend arrival
As of 4 00pm ET on Thursday September 7 2017 #HurricaneIRMA2017
#HurricaneIrma approaches #TurksandCaicos #Islands #LIVEFeed #ExtremeWeather #StormAlert #StaySafe
BBC News Hurricane Irma St Martin before and after
Bruh we got the outer rings of a tropical storm and lost power for 2 weeks tally is doomed .
Hurricane Irma Best Track Information . kmz
Hurricane Irma twice as powerful as EVERY World War Two bomb dropped
Also see Irma Harvey Road in Plainview Texas !
Make a plan for #pets as well ! Plenty of #dog & #chicken food for your pets here ! #DiamondNaturals #Purina
Miami Dade County expands mandatory evacuation orders for residents
#WWE postpones Florida #WWENXT shows due to Hurricane Irma
Reminder During a hurricane please limit non emergency phone calls #FCCtips #PublicSafety #Irma
These people are insane .
Please be safe ! #Irma
60 Yes we live in Florida right in the path of monster Irma
Grace under Pressure ! Duty calls Radio reporter 19 broadcasts live from Anguilla at the height of Hurricane Irma
Hurricane Irma is the size of Texas
This makes me so unbelievably cross . Just livid . No I'm going to bed .
Retweeted CRS News This wind map shows just how crazy the storm situation is right now w #Irma in ...
Corneta Activa Atd 1500 Watts Bluetooth Usb 15 pulgadas mas > #proaudio #audio #irma #music
irma is kanye punishing me for ordering fake yeezys from china i'm sorry everyone
WATCH LIVE Beaufort County'S 4 30 p . m . #Irma update
The Weather Channel Hurricane Irma Live Tracker Hurricane Irma Updates neer florida
C Larkin Sean come rescue us . From Irma !
Inside the eye of category 5 hurricane Irma
Irma could test strength of Florida & #039 ; s strict building codes #SinclairLaw
Here's a list of evacuation orders for Central Florida counties ahead of #Irma via
I'm sure once all is said and done #Irma will be a retired hurricane name ! ! ! Horrifically terrifying for all involved ! !
We are closely monitoring the status of hurricane Irma . In order to insure the safety of our
I don't understand why some people are going to try to ride out Irma . They are risking the lives of themselv
The only good thing that happened to me preparing for Irma was cutting down the coconuts & getting hella water from them
On that note I'm getting wine . #Irma
Also related
Nations rush to help islands devastated by Hurricane Irma #10TV
NHC scientist folks .
Commissioner leads state & county officials in prayer as they oversee preparations for
NOW LISTEN HERE HURRICANE IRMA YOU LEAVE DISNEY WORLD ALONE
No electricity ! ! Irma's fault ! ! My nose is swollen ! !
thanks for the help
Frustration although quite painful at times is a very positive and essential part of success #Irma #inspiration #motivation #success #tru
Miami Residents Scramble To Evacuate As Hurricane Irma Approaches Zero Hedge
#IRMA SET TO SLAM THE TURKS AND CAICOS WITH 180 MPH WINDS
I think #Irma could threaten #SouthFlorida by Saturday . #HurricaneIrma #IrmaHurricane
Vechilces at a standstill on NB I 95 in Palm Beach County #Irma #Evacuation
Barry I'm currently in Miami for uni so just a heads up you'll be reporting my death soon #HurricaneIrma #KiwiAbroad
C tweeted me earlier this week Gates coming out with a new album I am not going to let Irma ruin it
also our news says second hurricane Jose following Irma route . Maybe u dont know that and want to warn your sister ..
Well what next ? Just heard that there's a new group of protesters in Florida . They are protesting hurricane Irma . Good luck with that ! ! !
Hurricane Irma Meteorologist urges Florida to prepare for ' FATAL ' Hurricane Irma #news #weather
So sad seeing pictures of the destroyed islands effected by hurricane Irma
TribeAlert The Emergency Management Team is following Irma . Watch here for updates
To my home Florida and to all of you in the Caribbean my heart is with you . Please stay safe . #HurricaneIrma
Ran from Harvey who flooded Nashville and caused tornadoes now that I am back here comes Irma with the same ...
A #MandatoryEvacuation is what I have after my first cigarette and cup of coffee every morning . Bring it #HurricaneIrma
Aerial images show widespread devastation on islands hit by Hurricane Irma
Why the Hurricane Irma and the other hurricanes always have name of women ? because how a ex wife everything takes away you .
Paradise lost #HurricaneIrma devastates luxury islands VIDEOS PHOTOS
Ready for #HurricaneIrma Lord keep her away or keep the roof on and we'll be okay . Be safe everyone ... The waiti
Ima slap the shit outta Irma when she gets here
Maybe we should beach that whale somewhere in the storm's path then ask him again after Irma .
Reuters Georgia governor orders evacuation of Savannah coast ahead of Irma
For those of my friends in St . Lucie and Indian River Counties preparing for Hurricane Irma my friend Jeff Tiff ...
Reuters Rescue mission underway for rare wine collections menaced by #Irma
times ticking !
Anxious for 5PM #Irma update . Models shifting West . Not good for #Tampa .
Am I the only person not really worrying about #HurricaneIrma ? I'm just keeping calm and waiting for football Sunday . #IrmaNC
So scary . Thinking of everyone in the path of #Irma right now and donating to orgs that can help . I'm so sorry this
sending my prayers to everyone in florida to evacuate & be safe #HurricaneIrma #PrayForFlorida
Guess I'm going back home to Connecticut thanks Irma !
yo but what would i have to do to win two tickets to your show in Tampa in October ? i would pay but i just dropped bank on Irma
irma is really making things complicated right now . not cool irma not cool .
Our thoughts remain with folks preparing for Hurricane Irma . The main goal is that you stay safe !
Our hearts are with all bracing for Hurricane Irma . The main concern is that you stay safe !
OMG prayers for everyone who is affected by this storm
Thinking of all those in Florida right now ! Stay safe ! #HurricaneIrma
. is working on a plan to help the beautiful islands recover from Irma .
New post Hurricane Irma North Korea Amazon Your Friday Briefing has been published on News Bits
There's enough storm surge it could cover your house . #Irma
#HurricaneIrma Can we get any support from for relief to all Saffas in the #BVI They need our help .
Hurricane #Irma is a distration Case Against #Menendez Doesnt Look Close It Looks Overwhelming via
that's not Irma this vid is from diff storm . Plus Barbados isn't even in Irma's path . Stop spreading false info plz
It's almost as if praying does fuck all isn't it ?
Two Nuclear Power Plants In Florida Are Directly In The Path Of Hurricane Irma via
#Hurricane #IRMA Satellite Animation Sees Category 5 Hurricane Irma ...
Senate passes $ 15B disaster aid measure debt limit increase via
IMPORTANT ! Due to Hurricane Irma our offices will be closed starting Friday and will hopefully reopen on Tuesday w
I'm supposed to fly to Miami next week after irma if area is damaged what can we do ?
Nearly 540 000 ordered to flee Georgia coast ahead of Irma CLICK BELOW FOR FULL STORY ...
Really one of the best articles I have read in a while . Kudos to for a fun piece that reminds us of what i
Pretty shameful it's something we have to respect in awe due to admitting we don't want to ruin faith in mankind st
I swear to fucking god if I miss the fucking pats game tonight because of fucking Irma I'm blowing my fucking head off
Due to Hurricane Irma our operational hours might be sporadically affected over the next few days . We will keep you posted on any changes .
It's getting real guys . #Irma2017
OH NO SHIT REALLY ? ? ? I THOUGHT IT WAS GONNA BE GREAT AND AMAZING DAMN
Thinking of everyone in the Caribbean right now having to face #HurricaneIrma or clearing up in her wake . Absolutely heartbreaking .
Thompson emphasizes danger of powerful Hurricane Irma The Freeport News ...
Wait ... I just realized Paul McCartney lives in Florida ... hurricane Irma is coming to Florida ... WE NEED TO SAVE HIM OMG AAJSHDKAHSKDHKAD
We're tracking Irma's path and potential impact on LEX 18 News at 5 5 30 & 6 .
I wonder if Irma and Jose Will leave any money to waste on the wall ...
Category 5 #HurricaneIrma kills 10 in Caribbean heads for Florida Reuters #environment
COMING UP on #MTPDaily The latest on #HurricaneIrma from Miami Beach . Plus and . Tune in at 5pm ET !
Latest track from Chief . #irma #irmaevacuation
Literally u guys jj sweeney
I'm just going to keep spamming you with these Irma jokes til you come to Tally lmao but seriously come to Tallahas
RT qz " RT katherineefoley Even Fox News is admitting that climate change helped make Irma super strong via qz "
well there probably won't even be a miami after irma so nvm
U should b ashamed of urself . Millions of ppl r in its path who will b hurt by Irma & u wish another upon them . R u human ?
Hurricane Irma may have destroyed one of the world's most famous airports
1 Miami News Search Businesses Gov . Scott Fuel Top Priority Before Effects Of Hurricane Irma Begin Miami ...
This is crazy
Hurricane Irma thrashes the Caribbean
The evil known as smith must live ! Hurricane irma can't kill smith !
Hats off to and his editor for this love story story
Pro surfer 16 killed by Irma generated wave off Barbados via the App
Groningen Weather Hurricane Irma one of the strongest storms ever recorded in the Atlantic is bearing down on
Interesting til the fool started on global warming . Climate Change Hurricanes not related . Zero provable connecti
JUST IN Latest Hurricane #Irma forecast path . Category 1 storm near #Savannah on Monday .
Latest on #Irma a westward shift in the track ... landfall near Miami Sunday north over FLA peninsula into Monday .
#ThursdayThoughts preparing for #HurricaneIrma
Richard Branson's son says ' all humans ' safe on Necker Island following Hurricane Irma
great breakdown of #irma forecasting by important to note scientific meaning of uncertainty
Praying for my little countries
Miami Real Estate Industry Braces For Hurricane Irma But Remains Confident In Its Buildings
The tiny islands ravaged by Irma are in trouble as Hurricane Jose looms Washington Post
For those who didn't know Katrina was a category 3 Harvey was a 4 and Irma is a 5
Gov . Henry McMaster plans on ordering mandatory evacuation on Saturday as Irma a ...
Irma Leaves ' Heart Wrenching ' Devastation in Caribbean
I liked a video Hurricanes Irma Jose and Katia all at once on 9 6 17
#Irma which experts believe is the most powerful Atlantic storm in a decade expected to hit Florida early Sunday .
. interviewed currently based in Haiti about #HurricaneIrma . Well worth a listen
Thank you CHS for sharing this important information ! #autism #specialneeds #orlando #HurricaneIrma2017
Three across .
Me running away from IRMA because she doesn't make up her mind ... to stay in Orlando or to flea to Tampa
Harvey's petered out Irma will obliterate Fla to prove climate denier Rick Scott wrong ; then Jose's right behind f
Are people around the world talking about Irma ? like news medias and stuff
My favorite island in the BVI Heartbreaking images .
My heartbeats are in Miami irma might want to cool out
Turks & Caicos Bahamas Brace for Hurricane Irma's Wrath NBC News
American Airlines cancels 2000 flights out of Florida hubs ahead of Hurricane Irma
HURRICANE IRMA An Important Message from Corcoran & Johnston
absolutely heartbreaking cant even begin to imagine what those people must be feeling right now
In addition to Fla . Keys Miami Dade and Broward closing stores in Palm Beach County for Hurricane Irma
Atlanta Motor Speedway taking in Florida evacuees fleeing Irma . 5pm
Holy s % t
For sure ! #Irma #IrmaHurricane2017
Being black and or poor equates not being news worthy and it's fucking sickening .
Dont tell me they have two children . Jose and Katia ?
#famous Hurricane Irma might have destroyed one of the world's most famous airports FOX 31
OK weatherpeople is Jose strengthening particularly rapidly ?
Stocked up on food and water . Ready to ride it out this weekend . Stay safe everyone ! #HurricaneIrma
Tracking Irma with Eric Burris Meteorologist.The latest from the First Alert Weather Center can be found her
Irma Jose and Katia look so beautiful #world #usa
JetBlue capped prices at $ 99 for Hurricane Irma and now other airlines are following suit
Same island my bredren been run from last night . Man said it's basically a pancake ... highest elevation on it is abo
He should not have told them . He should have just arrested them .
Packing an emergency #hurricane go bag ? Heres what says you need . #Irma
61 Personally would
12PM IRMA UPDATE Irma is churning past the Dominican Republic ...
Hurricane Irma is truly a monster . Never seen anything like this . Certainly Katrina was bad but this looks worse surely . #HurricaneIrma2017
As Irma approaches activated their Emergency Operations and Logistics teams . has more .
Nope . Not paying my car payment till after Irma come thru .
Will #HurricaneIrma2017 turn tho ?
. explains how #HurricaneIrma became a record breaking storm
Fortunately looking like Irma will hit at low tide
Straight up the gut great ... gonna need to stomp on Irma's face when it hits Miami
Just got my son on last plane out of #Irma #Florida headed 2me ! Airline said was LAST SEAT ! Praying 4 friends
Hurricane Irma Churning Over Dominican Republic Heads Toward Turks and Caicos The New York Times amen
# Pres . good but can't create a hurricane . # Viral Facebook Post Claims Trump Created Hurricane Irma to Kill Black
SLS go4launch I hope Irma does not wreck any important assets and lifes . Stay safe !
Yo Irma stupid thick
BBCWorld RT BBCBreaking Jose upgraded to a major hurricane with winds of 120mph as Irma continues to cause huge
Hurricane Irma is about to barrel through Florida and Disney World is planning to stay open for now
It means we're getting dicked on that's what it means
BBC News Hurricane Irma UK increases relief fund to 32m
Friday's METRO " 32m In Aid For Victims Of Irma " #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday via AllieHBNews BBC News
' LEAVE ! ' Florida's governor urges evacuations as deadly Irma approaches
I'm a fan of Rush but seriously since when is this guy a meteorologist ? Stick to politics
That's terrible this Hurricane just may be the worst one ever #HurricaneIrma
If you want to see the weather on the Islands where Irma hit just tap on the location on the Snapchat Maps
Bloody hell
Who else got chills hearing speak ? ? ? #HurricaneIrma is NO JOKE ! #beprepared
Florida friends stay safe during Irma !
If this Irma bitch takes my car man ... I dont know what I'm gonna do . Im pretty sure my insurance doesnt cover hurricanes lmfao
Jose upgraded to a major hurricane with winds of 120mph as Irma continues to cause huge damage in the Caribbean
Yeah never mind that freight train it's the caboose with the bell you need to worry about . Point is evacuate ! ! !
Aight officially in Tennessee got away from Irma ... For now
Cruise ship at Port of Palm Beach offered as escape during Irma via
Was it absolutely necessary to situate them on the coast and not farther inland ? Japan paid dearly for doing the sa
Concern over Miami cranes as Irma barrels toward Florida
#HurricaneIrma is far from over but already many need help . How you can take action
Hurricane Irma bears down on Turks and Caicos islands
If anyone needs #emergency #candles in preparation for #irma or in the aftermath of
This is goddamn terrifying .
President Julian I will be monitoring every single move of Irma this weekend . She will never harm yo
Yes they are #NoExtraFunds
#Domains #Dogs #Cats peta marconews Help protect animals during #HurricaneIrma by sharing these tips & do not
Stay Strong and Stay Safe Florida ! !
#Harvey & Irma #Married 75 Years Marvel the #Storms Bearing Their Names ! #love #committment #FunFact
GET READY all you hurricane WHORES . Are you ready to get WET ! ? It's SOAKIN ' season BABY . IRMA will make you SQUIRM A . THIS hurrica
owwwn #MPN #SofiaOliveiraRevelacao
please come soon i've got a calc exam tmrw
Harvey Irma Jose . what the heck is happening . why God doing it for us ? sarcasm .
Hurricane Irma island by island damage across the Caribbean
I would have cussed you out but you live in Tennessee enjoy your days while they last sweetie ! Irma is coming .
This is cute and everything ... but currently about 650 000 people have been mandated to evacuate . Thanks for the c
By a hoe named Irma
paolo Station EO
#Domains #Dogs #Cats peta wmnfnews Animals will die if left behind during #HurricaneIrma . Please share these l
Radical Leftists calling #Irma Hurricane Karma because Florida gave Trump too many electoral votes #LiberalLogic
SANDBAG LOCATIONS Here's a list of places offering sandbags #Irma #WFTV
Calm before the storm Officer shares photo of full rainbow as Irma looms
Well thats interesting .
It's a girl hurricanes goe boy girl Harvey boy Irma girl Jose boy Katia girl
Manatee Libraries will be closed until further notice . No library fines will be charged until September 15 2017 .
This is not true ! Please please please delete this ! ! #HurricaneIrma2017
Florida branches & offices closed 9 8 due to conditions from Hurricane Irma ; online mobile banking available 24 7 or call your local branch .
#SpaceX launches Air Forces mysterious space shuttle ahead of Hurricane Irma
Thank you also add to your list .
The IPN team is continuing to monitor the path of #Hurricane #Irma as the storm approaches South Florida . Our ...
Irma looms as the mythical ' Big One ' Florida has long feared #Tulsa
Help protect animals during #HurricaneIrma by sharing these tips & do not evacuate without them !
Hurricane Irma 2 p . m . update Storm surge could be 10 feet if storm hits South Florida at high tide
this is the most terrible thing i've ever seen
WellCare takes on Harvey and preps for Irma via wellcare is one of the sorriest healthcare plan
Formula ima go on tinder ooh I found Hurricane IRMA I like her Nicks what ? Got to tell Kiwiz Kiwiz you
I liked a video TRAPPED IN FLORIDA HURRICANE IRMA
RT Scavino 45 President Trump briefed in Oval by TomBossert 45 tracking approach of #HurricaneIrma toward the coas
THANK YOU ! The need is great . And to date more than 80 Hoosier #RedCross workers have responded to #Harvey . 15 ar
I can't find any sites to donate & have no idea how to help otherwise but the dom rep was my home for 2 years so if
Meantime #trump & #EPA Director denies climate change . The #idiocracy
It's " terrorism " folks " terrorism " .. outstanding .
CAT 5 Hurricane Irma eye is passing directly over Turks & Caicos Islands presently .
The early reports and images of damage from Irma are unreal . Just terrible .
For ALL my Florida Twitter buds ... Stay safe ! We got this ! Fuck you #Irma !
I gasped out loud at this .
Hurricane Irma Skirts Puerto Rico Leaves 1 Million Without Power
I liked a video ULTIMATE HURRICANE IRMA FOOD SUPPLY ! BIGGEST HURRICANE IRMA FOOD SUPPLY
Sunday is hunker down day . #HurricaneIrma2017
Post your signs if your not Irma breaking in my house I'll shoot you in the face . Bless you be safe
can I get a follow for good luck with hurricane Irma ? ?
Incredible satellite view of #HurricaneIrma unleashing it's extreme power 175 mph winds on the Dominican Republic
IS IRMA GONNA AFFECT NORTH GEORGIA ! ? ? ? ?
A 300 mile long traffic jam ... Just park it and walk b'ys . #Irma
Leading Scientist on Irma Climate Change Effects Are No Longer Subtle
#HurricaneIrma2017 will make a direct hit at Florida South Carolina Georgia will also be affected by
#HurricaneIrma #SupportBlackWomen #BlackLivesMatter #Florida #NoRedCross #EvacuationIsntEasy Read her whole ...
Veriteee Damn Irma got me so scared I'm stuttering through text
Bro . Where we gonna go ?
Lee County Florida & Irma Evacuation Orders & Shelters
P RT FLGovScott Im traveling to communities across FL to discuss #HurricaneIrma preparedness . Next stop Jackso
#Thankyou For #Florida and all in its path not to mention the unfathomable reality of other
Category 5 Hurricane Irma kills 10 in Caribbean heads for Florida Via
I get understand were in a hurricane watch zone but 50 cans of Raviolis is overkill bitch . #HurricaneIrma
Did Irma really do that ... ? Real news still shining the light on #fakenews
IRMA UPDATE MILLIONS vulnerable to power outages Florida Statewide
P RT FLGovScott Floridians See important #HurricaneIrma contact info below or find your countys emergency mana
5pm CDT track for Hurricane #Irma shifts a bit West . Remain vigilant !
For my Florida friends is offering free temporary storage for #HurricaneIrma
as a global actor helps prepare & respond in case of natural disasters all over the
#HurricaneJose now a category 3 storm ! has the new track for #HurricaneIrma at 5 . #wral
Charlotte Motor Speedway to open doors to Irma evacuees starting tomorrow morning ! ! Via
If we have power so there . But there's this Irma planning on hanging around this weekend so no promises .
Rush Limbaughs dangerous suggestion that Hurricane Irma is fake news There could be serious
I am driving to Atlanta escaping the worse of Irma in South Florida
These Insurers Are Tumbling on Fears of Hurricane Irma Damage
am overseas and am trying to reach you to fix flights re HurricaneIrma . What is best way ?
Thousands Of People Are Trying To Change Hurricane Irmas Name To Ivanka
Florida sheriff criticized for threatening arrests of evacuees in shelters during Hurricane Irma
Irma is supposed to hit Northeast Georgia . School better get cancelled .
These guys are some of the best friends you can have ! Let's be a family & a community & help the out ! Make sure to s
Hope #miami is just as beautiful when I get back I already miss my home . #prayformiami #PrayForFlorida
Human Trafficking What Disaster Responders Need to Know #HurricaneIrma #HurricaneHarvey #humantrafficking
Richard Branson says Hurricane Irma ' utterly devastated ' his private island Most of us do NOT have wine cellars .
RT RonRuggless Our resident NRNonline storm watcher jonathanmaze takes a look at #Irmas potential ...
The comparison is truly frightening .
Good read .
I'm still torn about what Hurricane Harvey did in Texas and what Hurricane Irma did in Bermuda . Please be with those people and us
Shoot ... #perspective
But yeah we may as well just let Irma end us all
Heads up if you rely on ! #Irma #Fox35
HURRICANE IRMA Latest track info and forecast at
LOATHE " human interest " pieces but if one must do " how they name hurricanes " retread story for umpteenth time t
#questionoftheday Are tracking you tracking #HurricaneIrma with a frequency bordering on obsession ? I don't ...
This is our reality with #HurricaneIrma please be safe ! ! !
Really wish mainstream media would quit being so dramatic . Are you reporting the news or writing a novel ? #HurricaneIrma #evacuation
Haiti Still Recovering From ' 16 Hurricane Braces for Irma
Incredible !
Hurricane Irma to be devastating for US emergency chief
I liked a video EVACUATE FLORIDA NOW ! HURRICANE IRMA TRACK
fuck right off
Stay safe Florida . #Irma
Fla . restaurants are scrambling to do everything they can to protect their stores and employees as the potentially
Hurricane Jose Path of second major storm follows hot on heels of Hurricane Irma
Irma was a dry run .
Stay safe Floridians ! Follow the guidelines & get out if you can
This is huge and appreciated . Thank you !
Hurricane Irma's Track Forecast Here's What to Expect in Florida Georgia Carolinas
I liked a video FORCED TO LEAVE ! ! Hurricane Irma Mandatory Evacuation . September 7th
I have a question to any meteorologist out there Could #Katia & #Irma meet up ?
Can't wait for Trump to say he understands the people's suffering since Irma destroyed his golf at Mar a Lago
As everyone prepares for Irma please be careful and considerate of others . If you are already prepared check ...
#HurricaneIrma devastating #Caribbean we need 2 do more to support overseas territories & region . on ground
This feels like 2004 05 all over again . Scary stuff for Floridians ! #HurricaneIrma
Get in and out before Irma gets there . She's coming most likely .
Note from 9 of 10 people who die in a hurricane drown in storm surge #Irma
It's official No storm on record anywhere on the globe has maintained winds 185mph or above for as long as #Irma
I saw this on the BBC and thought you should see it Hurricane Irma bears down on Turks and Caicos islands
Turn up your speakers and listen to the roar of Hurricane Irma
They won't let me cancel get cred the flight since my family weekend isn't happening now b c of #Irma
I ain't saying man created IRMA but I am saying man has the ability to .
All eyes on Hurricane Irma as storm ... Related Articles
Hey #rtept . You have followed by . Who next from #FG on #rtebias ? spinning against hurricane Irma ?
If you loved ones are in the path of #HurricaneIrma now is time to prepare esp . if you're pregnant have a baby
After Building Apps For Harvey Victims Houston's Techies Set Their Sights On Irma
#Domains #Dogs #Cats peta JEKrauter Help protect animals during #HurricaneIrma by sharing these tips & do not
Good for us ... bad for Florida . #Irma
Gov . Cuomo deploys National Guard to help with Hurricane Irma recovery #Rochester
Well that's pants . Always wanted to go there hopefully they get fixed up ok
Almost doubles Hurricane Andrew The worst ever
every time i get an update that says " irma's path shifted west " i get more and more scared
Got a home gym gonna come out lookin like this after irma
then Katia
Evacuate Florida people to big high rise hotels immediately before Irma came
Imagine if e knock the same islands as Irma ? Fam
I really hope he is safe and ok in his current home in the Caribbean given the damage from Irma .
In tears . Still some nice people out there
To all fellow Floridians and anyone else being affected by Hurricane Irma & Harvey . I pray for your safety . We will be strong . #FLPrepares
Hurricane Irma ravages Caribbean islands as Florida nervously awaits historic storm's wrath
Let's see if he's willing to match that $ 1 million in Florida with hurricane Irma
Our thoughts are with all bracing for Irma . The main concern is that you stay safe !
WE MADE IT HOME ! ! ! Took us 28.5 hours to go 765 miles ! Traffic was the worse I've ever seen but weather was fine . #HurricaneIrma2017
#Domains #Dogs #Cats peta MRMasferrer Animals were left behind during Harvey . Tips to protect them during #Hur
Atlantic Irma Category 5 Hurricane Irma is located 40MI S of Grand Turk Island 135MI E of Great Inagua Island with winds of 175MPH
Holy moley
As Irma takes aim don't forget these key moves CBS News #HurricaneIrma
Perfectly fine
Plywood and shutters for days ! Your girl installed a little bit of everything . Using #Irma 4 #WynonnaEarp
Is it possible for people to care about the death tolls coming from Irma or must they continue to fight about ' climate change ' ?
We are here to get you prepared and ready for Irma . Download the app
THIS NIGGA FINNA ROLL UP A . 2
Hurricane Irma and heavy south Florida rains JACKSONVILLE The U . S . Army Corps of Engineers Jacksonville ...
Everything you need to know about tracking Hurricane Irma
Jose is now the third major hurricane of the 2017 Atlantic season after Harvey and Irma
UPDATE NHC says eye of #Irma to move between Haiti Dominican Republic and Turks and Caicos islands this evening
We've been given evacuation orders . Taking a train out with our two kittens tomorrow morning God willing . So stressful ! #Irma
LGA is busy today . Lots of people trying to get out of #Irmas way . . Live at 6
Atleast 6 lives lost as Hurricane Irma goes through Puerto Rico hits Haiti headed for Cuba .
Hurricane Irma timeline for path and landing
Literally find this terrrifying
Robert De Niro's Hotel Was Destroyed by Hurricane Irma dam
5PM update from the National Hurricane Center #Irma still a category 5 storm with sustained winds of 175mph . Track
praying for this beautiful place and people as hurricane Irma hits . i love you all with all my heart . stay strong
So happy that everyone I love in PR is safe . Now it's my little family turn . Pray for us in the east coast . #Irma be kind
NOAA HURRICANE CENTER AtlanticHurricane Irma Public Advisory Number 35
Photos on social media show the devastation #HurricaneIrma2017 is causing in the Caribbean
We are prepared for the storm ! #HurricaneIrma
Saw you on the news last night
Stan Major #santeria #Miami #HurricaneIrma
#PuertoRico #VirginIslands thoughts and prayers are with you after the devastation from #Irma
Found a pack of smokes outside while getting carts hurricane Irma bringing back smokey Steve
How do they pick the name and gender of hurricanes and tornados Irma is the 5th biggest so it's just like a woman having menstrual cycle
#HurricaineIrma shift again ! !
announces free calling unlimited data for customers during Irma ! #canceling all my lines with
Irma prompts mandatory evacuation order for Miami Beach via
Tormenta en el Atlntico Hurricane Irma Forecast Advisory Number 35 ms en
9 Polk emergency shelters opening Saturday for Irma Read more
Latest NHC track at 5pm has shifted #Irma slightly west bringing the storm directly through the state of Florida .
Plz plz plz donate ! Remind yourself how lucky you are that you aren't affected and donate ! #HurricaneHarvey #HurricaneIrma
Robert de Niro promises to rebuild Barbuda after Hurricane Irma wreaks havoc on the island
This seems to be #soggydollar so saddened by what has happened to the beautiful #bvi area .
Everyone is dragging this take for obvi reasons but FYI these bondholders royally fucked PR's economy before the hu
Floridians See important #HurricaneIrma contact info below or find your countys ... by
Gas prices around Forest Park Conley as #FL flees #Irma #PriceGouging
Hurricane #Irma State preparing #Tampa Bay interstates for evacuations Sep 7 5 10 PM ET
Irma is scaring the crap out of me and I don't even live near florida or its path #HurricaneIrma2017
NWSBirmingham The latest on Hurricane Irma direct from the National Hurricane Center Atlantic Ops
Stay Safe ! Here's an inside look into #HurricaneIrma . via
Yo mama's so fat she farted Irma #IrmaHurricane
DIOS QUIERA ACABE CON LOS CUBANOS TAMBIEN Q LOS VUELVA AICOS
Can I get this before I die from Irma please
Hurricane Irma is going to be followed by something far far worse
Latest radar imagery of #Irma . says storm track is shifting west a bit . Updates now on #FOX5DC with
. declares state of emergency ahead of #Irma effective 12 01 a . m . 9 8 until emergency svcs advise otherwise
This is the 5PM update on #HurricaneIrma . To view evacuation zones . Please visit . Este
Irma about to be like
Sea Turtle Bailey How will hurricane Irma affect this sweet creature Track it and find out .
That ain't that bad
If you don't let Irma kill you you're fake as hell .
Helping Jim upload the forecast and remarking on the 7 days of pure sun we get to predict . Why #Irma plays a positi
Many are preparing for Hurricane Irma but let us also prepare for the coming of The Lord God . There won't be time ...
Please add some information on the maps showing wind levels across the state when Irma m
Everyone please remember with IRMA approaching BRING YOUR ANIMALS INSIDE . Don't be a dick .
Because it's all part of God's plan .
Tropical storm . When it pass over your house ! ! ! Error
#NationalBeerLoversDay Upside to Hurricane Irma ... no water but plenty of beer ! image courtesy of
Free Wi Fi after Hurricane Irma ? Comcast has Florida covered Non Xfinity customers also can take advantage ...
Kian I live in FL and I'm freaking out ! Just a follow from you would make my day . This hurricane Irma
As of the 5pm advisory #Irma was near the Turks and Caicos and headed toward Bahamas w 175mph winds .
This would immortalize her ; I think we dont want this .
Hurricane Irma Fundraisers Charities 98seaside Here are some fundraisers I found to help people in ...
Hurricane Irma Pet Friendly Shelters
Latest on #HurricaneIrma2017
Prime Minister announces 32 mil . in response to Hurricane #Irma . Find out more about how the #UK is helping at
are you staying during irma ? ? ?
MCO to Cease Commercial Operations After 5 p . m . Saturday Evening
The Sept . 15 appearance of Derik Nelson & Family has been postponed due to travel concerns related to Irma .
then again idk why I'm complainin it's nothin compared to what Irma's doin now . plus we aren't on fire like other parts of the country .
When my mom said the hurricane was going to florida first thing I thought of was u Khoa Jackson and Landon u guys i
#hurricaneirma2017 right now 5 PM EDT 9 7 2017
Rush Limbaugh This Hurricane is Fake News Rush Today I'm outta here by Mitsu ! ! ! #HurricaneIrma
plus side we have 2 more days for Irma to shift !
not impressed complete lack of Empathy from weatherman on last night's ten pm 1pm news talking about hurricane irma #Irma #harsh
A one two punch .
BREAKING Officials say at least 3 people have died in the U . S . Virgin Islands where they say Irma caused ' catastrophic ' damage .
#USVI Gov 3 confirmed deaths damage is " catastrophic . " #HurricaneIrma
It's official climate change is real
#Irma #Hurricane Pack a minimum 2 week supply of medicine prescriptions in your disaster supply kit #BahamasPrepares
your out of water ahead of #irma in Charlotte NC
Yo I got a cruise set up a week after Irma hits and Jose is gonna come around by then you guys gonna cancel ?
Best weatherman ever Alan Sealls is tracking Irma and Jose RIGHT NOW on WKRG Facebook Live
Durricane Irma DaShizWiz tournaments etc
Florida Braces for Irma With Destruction Left in Its Wake
Hi hope you are safe . Can we speak to you on BBC World Service radio about hurricane Irma ?
Atlantic What cat will Irma be when it hits Florida ?
niggas swear they news reporters now lmao . sit ya ass down . hurricane irma gone toss ya ass across the U . S . fuck wit her if u want too !
wow ... just wow #HurricaneIrma #HurricaneIrma2017
hurricane irma aka war goddess soire
#BREAKINGl votes to open Robertsdale Coliseum as Irma shelter
Everyone stay safe as Hurricane Irma approaches ! ...
#HurricaneIrma #Category5 Irma La Douce 4 stars #swfl #movienights
The latest I love Miami ! Thanks to Newz #hurricaneirma #irma
Leaving for NY tomorrow and have to be back in NC Monday . Irma needs to go away .
RT mitchellvii " Irma has shifted back to West a bit .
New post " Nuclear plants in Irma's path are shutting down "
My Shiny Teeth and Me but it's being played as the entire city of Miami is destroyed by Irma
#IrmaHurricane Significant NHC update . Read screen cap ! !
And don't waste time to #pray #prayersforIrma < that's one of the stupidest ideas this week
Nearly 540 000 ordered to flee Georgia coast ahead of Irma from
New post " Nuclear plants in Hurricane Irma's path are shutting down "
Florida governor urges people in Irma's path to get out ' We can't save you '
Suddenly Irmaphobic
Yeah and Clinton is innocent
While the path of Hurricane Irma is still uncertain visitation at all GDC facilities across the state will be ...
#Venezuela sends tons of humanitarian aids to Antigua and Barbuda after 90 % of the buildings have been destroyed by
Florida seniors nursing homes prepare for Hurricane Irma
hehe surprise visit to NJ s o tht bitch Irma
Michigan could get rain from Hurricane Irma
I have such mixed feelings about #hurricaneirma
Oh trust me . He already jumping in the car before me
Wtf ... 2 words mandatory evacuation
Artie Burns and other Steelers with South Florida roots are worried with Hurricane Irma bearing down on Miami
I . D . s #illegal #BCCRSS #Truth #CRA #Katia #Barbuda #Ididntknow #NowYouKnow #NoExcuses #Harvey #Irma
Key messages for Hurricane Irma from Atlantic as of the 5PM AST 4PM CDT advisory ... Great summary of high po
It is for some Leah y do u make fun of that point . Many have died b c of Harvey & Irma . Pray that
Prayers are with everyone who has been and is said to be in the path of Irma .
Dozens of dogs will evacuate Florida on a private plane to New York
I liked a video The Truth About Hurricane Irma
Miami auto show delayed by Hurricane Irma
So that proves what ? ... that there's no cure for stupid .
The 54 cats will be cared for by 10 staff members staying behind to weather the hurricane
Northern Colorado vs . Florida game time moved due to Hurricane Irma GAINESVILLE FLA
Someone me In the video of the way hurricane Irma sounded .
sooo the latest forecast for irma shows it being like cat 1 2 when it gets to us so i can stop being worried and just get wasted as hell
A track over the Florida peninsula would be catastrophic for Florida but slightly better for Georgia Carolinas .
Guys Iv been for one of our mutual friends is he safe with . #Irma
Its nerve racking Sask . residents brace for Hurricane Irma from afar Saskatchewan
Irma is coming through ready to snatch edges bundles and wigs . #HurricaneIrma2017
Due to the threat of Hurricane Irma the Urbanities Art Opening by Jared Bramblett has been moved from Sept . 14th t
. on #Periscope Florida Prepares For #HurricaneIrma ! Let's Try To Relax For A Beautiful Sunrise Together
Go watch these 5 day loops for 2005 ' s big storms and you'll see how much better NWP is now . Amazing achievement .
I hope everyone gets out of the way of Irma ! ! ! No matter how difficult the travel is DO IT ! LEAVE ! I'm stuck in ...
New video by USA TODAY Massive Hurricane Irma threatens Florida and beyond
Holy cow
So that makes Irma the most powerful hurricane in recorded history . This is wild
you need to check GA and FL area for price gougers . $ 200 per night for an empty house ? $ 500 for a bed bath ? #irma
is only worried about Maralago and his Sunny Isles Towers do t take shelter there unless yo
FAA's Hurricane Irma Update ingles espaol #FAA #UPDATE September 7TheFederal Aviation Administration FAA close
Florida seniors nursing homes prepare for Hurricane Irma via CNN
Space station gets a look at Hurricane Irma via CNN
You think it will become a category 2 ?
the wind is about to snatch all these bitches new tracks out #facts #HurricaneIrma2017
IRMAGEDDON ! Hurricane Irma Aftermath Almost 90 % Of Barbuda Destroyed va
Wisin y Yandel ft . Irma ?
This is tough
Girding for Irma 2 Nuclear Reactors in Florida May Close Ahead of Hurricane
Hurricane Irma may make landfall as a Category 5 hurricane causing catastrophic damage . But how does such a huge
Can't take his love of the weather out of Sam ! He's doing folks a great service ! People trust him !
What is the difference between a hurricane a cyclone and a typhoon ? #Irma #HurricaneIrma #typhoonirma #cycloneirma
Do you know what to do as Hurricane #Irma approaches ? Stay prepared by following our helpful tips
#Irma leaves at least 7 dead on its way to a potentially catastrophic strike on Florida this weekend
When you're suppose to be prepping for Hurricane Irma but buy make up instead lol
There is still possibility #Irma stays off FL coast over the warm Atlantic waters . That means a Cat 3 storm in SC is still on the table !
Where do you store a $ 15M sports car during Hurricane #Irma ? Porsche Design Tower of course !
Bruh its like straight out of a movie
Buckets of books headed to MCPS shelters for evacuated students to enjoy during Irma's visit . Thx fo
Morimos por la boca ! #goodeating #blessed #hurricaneirma
This photo of chickens in the backseat of a car evacuating from Hurricane Irma is going viral
Stay safe Floridians . Let the profesionals do their job . Tend 2 ur families . Secure ur assests & brace for impact . #HurricaneIrma
ATTENTION FOLKS pass on for IRMA INFO bama
Got turned around on the way to Tybee because of Irma . You were NOT invited to the bachelorette party Irma .
Hurricane Irma causes devastation across the Caribbean Sailing Today
Oh no ... #HurricaneIrma is predicted to impact a bit west of the original path . No bueno .
Latest satellite loop of Extreme Cat 5 #Hurricane #Irma w 175mph wind moving into Turks and Caicos Islands .
What ! A not good hurricane ?
Oh ! Lala ...
Relationship goals ? Hehe cute .
The time has come
With Irma lurking in the Atlantic ... how prepared are you ?
Turks and Caicos Islands brace for super storm #Irma
Jose is chasing after his special lady friend Irma #BadCouple
Welp ! It's been nice knowing all of you . Let's plan a meet up in heaven ok ? I'll bring empanadas
Rush stop talking . #SecularTalk #HurricaneIrma #RushLimbaugh #HurricanesAreNotHoaxes
Looking ahead this week to Hurricane Irma Magill says it unfortunately isn't Zoo Miami's first rodeo . But having ...
Grandparents house all boarded up I pray Irma just flys by with no issue .
You can just hear him saying ... " Where's Mar A Largo ? "
Illinois Indiana Ohio You on Irma's hit list
With Irma coming Miami has a crane problem
Plz be careful bc it doesn't look like its getting any smaller & latest tracks don't looks good #HurricaneIrma
Tracking #Irma Category 5 at 175 mph winds . Free storm tracker app
#DEATH #TOLL Hurricane Irma 180mph winds batter Caribbean as death toll rises latest news The Guardian The
boo Tally is now in the line of fire for a category 3 . Irma JUST shifted west about 30 minutes ago .
Hurricane Irma Eye of the storm passes Hispaniola #gisthuz by
The John Williams Show Full Podcast 09.07 . 17 Daddy Hurricane Irma Donald Trump Jr . Russian Facebook ads #CH
This is the National Hurricane Center in Miami .
Famous last quotes " The Lord will see us through . We're not leaving ! " #Irma
Hollywood Beach mostly empties as Irma approaches Miami Herald #Hollywood #hollywoodnews
Irma after she hits Florida
WATCH Shepard Smith Details Potential Hurricane Irma Devastation
Bloody hell stay safe
It's fine ... we're fine ... EVERYTHING . IS . FINE ! #Irma
Maybe the null hypothesis shouldn't be that adding hundreds of billions of tons of greenhouse gases has no effect o
Thinking of all of my friends in Florida right now and everyone else affected by Hurricane Harvey Irma and Jose . Stay safe !
Finally Chicken Little pls spare us any more melodramatic end of business news . A lot goi
I just hope my town stays safe ! ! #Irma
hurricane irma type beat
Here is something you can do then evacuate ! #HurricaneIrma #BeSafe #Geeksresist
Living in the midwest doesn't seem so bad at times like these . Sure I'll be bitching when it's 20 in January but
Sir Richard Branson survives Hurricane Irma in wine cellar as buildings on Necker Island ' destroyed '
Our thoughts are with all bracing for Hurricane Irma . The main priority is that YOU stay safe .
I wonder if you could use an array of these to disperse Irma ?
Hey #Irma come to Virginia and leave Florida alone ! Virginia's crap that's why I'm leaving soon !
Irma Churns Over Dominican Republic and Heads Toward Turks and Caicos
Irma showed no mercy on the Caribbean
SpaceX launches top secret space shuttle before Irma hits Florida
Holy crap ! is right ! I lived in Pensacola as a teen but never had anything close to Irma hit us .
Imagine we may be entering the time when we start saying " only a CAT 3 " if storms like Irma w the longe
nooooooo both you and matt on the same day ? that means Irma is gonna hit high
Pilot Who Flew Straight Into Hurricane Irma Reveals Insane Reason They Did It #followback #TuesdayThoughts
Broward mayor Barbara Sharief offers tips as #HurricaneIrma approaches S . Florida . Opinion
Hurricane Irma is coming for us
$ IBM #Watson #DeepThunder at work on #Irma .
But global climate change isn't real . Sure .
he should go play in it
Watch Hurricane Irma Anchor of Our Soul on #Vimeo
#floridastrong #HurricaneIrma2017 Is there a way that Regestered Sex Offenders from #Florida STAY in Florida ?
My mood . #hurricaneirma2017 #1980s #kissmygritsirma
NWSWPC Direct impacts from Hurricane #Irma increasing for parts of Florida and possibly the Southeast .
Here's the updated 5pm Irma Track . cltwx ncwx scwx
Bahamas airport to close today ahead of Hurricane Irma Jamaica Gleaner Jamaica Gleaner Bahamas airport to ...
How to help pets and animals ahead of Irma
Look IRMA ... now you are shortening my football season . Enough is enough ! ! ! #gogators
Richard Branson refuses to leave his private island amid ' potentially Hurricane Irma via
We all should watch and wait for #Irma to turn ! Lol
Leon County Emergency Management Hurricane Irma Daily Brief #IrmaTLH
News coverage I've seen today ... celebrity homes in path of #HurricaneIrma . And ? So are a million others . Why is that news
Beautiful up here . Sunshine around 70 to low 70s in Lafayette . We may get Irma rain Tue Wed .
This is why some people shouldn't be allowed to have twitter
Praying for all those in the path of #Irma Stay safe
So there's 3 hurricanes following Irma ... Climate change exists and we need a pres who can recognize this ...
Heart sick for the people in the Caribbean and Florida bracing for Irma and now another one on the way . Please stay safe .
... right but global warming and climate change are definitely made up
Fuck . Puerto Rico and Virgin Islands in my thoughts prayers . Looking for ways to help the islands devastated by Ir
Irma tearing shit up though
Live footage as #HurricaneIrma destroys Maho Beach Cam in St Maarten 9 6 2017 via
No Irma you don't need to visit Disney while you're here ... go back east !
Irma track shifts west into Georgia #scnews #sctweets
thanks for the Irma satellite on wundermap ! found buoys ...
Hurricane Irma ready fuck some shit up
Morning mail Hurricane Irma leaves trail of destruction
Twin megastorms have scientists fearing this may be the new normal
Future wundermap now has live goes 16 of Irma .
I'm going to be in the middle of this . Prayers gratefully requested . Thank you . #Irma #goawayirma
Add another football game to the list
Trump On Irma Certainly Were Being Hit With A Lot Of Hurricanes via
Lmfao God is PISSED with Florida
#HurricaneIrma #Traffic is ridiculous . It's going to take every bit of an hour to reach the
rt ksfynews RT ABC Hurricane #Irma remains a Category 5 storm with winds of 175 mph located about 40 miles sou
the cone for irma is messed up in your app . Unless it's not ?
Even Fox News is admitting that climate change helped make Irma super strong
Jose se lo est metiendo a Irma that's why she's getting stronger
The latest Quigley Daily ! Thanks to #iartg #irma
Me when I see Hurricane Irma shifted slightly to the west Texts my mom to move my Another Man magazines of Harry to the attic
I'd be less stressed about Irma if I was there b c I would't be constantly worried about my house and family
Hurricane Irma Looms As Mythic ' Big One ' Of Florida Residents ' Worst Fears
Hurricane Irma affects orders in FL NC SC & GA . Learn more & how you can contact us for any emergency needs
Stay safe Jre . Irma's coming straight up the middle
was due to travel there Saturday . Hope all stay safe BBC News Scot's concern despite Hurricane Irma evacuation
Why meteorologists are worried about Hurricane Irma heading toward South Florida
Traffic Nightmare Ensues As 500 000 In Florida Ordered To Evacuate Over Irma
Approximately 45 % of all gas consumed in Florida comes through our staff is making sure Tampa Bay &
Hurricane Irma Barrels through St . Maarten . See the footage here >
The tiny islands ravaged by Irma are in trouble as Hurricane Jose looms GLOBAL WARMING OH NO !
Irma really suppose to go right thru us eye on us and alllll smh
I can support and help lead the chat tonight ! My family in Florida is evacuating #Irma too #pichatusa
hope these ppl are there waving the storm in we will get rid of a few more morons
The latest Fakt Chek ! #hurricaneirma #deirezzor
#HurricaneIrma2017 is reported to be so potent that equipment used to
#Hurricanes rip through Caribbean and Gulf of MX . Warmer waters more energy more intense storms . #climatechange
BREAKING 3 people dead in the US Virgin Islands as Hurricane Irma causes devastating damage
Delta flight braves Irma for quick stop in Puerto Rico #Connecticut
The eye of Irma is now going to pass right over Orlando in the latest track . This is fine ...
This goes right through orlando ... i'm shaking in my boots
If this Irma were like most Irmas it would just put its blinker on and stop moving .
Take pets if you evacuate they are family ! Take records of pet license vaccinations etc . Copies of medications fo
Hurricane Irma How Will It Affect Long Island ?
THIS IS SO IMPORTANT ! Climate Change is real you're literally watching it before your eyes & your president is den
#MONEY #IRMA WSJ Oslo kitchens finally catch up to the New Nordic movement the culinary wave that made foodies giddy
Can't relate I'm broke Irma is comin for me then jose probably lmfao but yea it's so cool and all the Skins are great
#irma Vizcaya Lakes Apartments
Some airlines capping fares at $ 99 ahead of Hurricane Irma
Enjoying my pre Irma dinner of fish and your delicious onion rings . Will be locked inside all weekend .
So This Is What Happens ! #latest #west #equifax #nfl #irma #florida #weather #trump
You haven't seen winds like this Videos show Hurricane Irma's island leveling devastation from Caribbean
This #Irma man now it's going to TN . Make up your mind bitch .
Haiti should repent whatever they did to God they should ask for forgiveness
Why Hurricane Irma Could Hurt a Lot Much Lies in Harms Way
We will be closed now through Sunday due to Hurricane Irma ! We are praying everyone stays safe during this time ! ...
what cheeky explorer founded Cockburn Town
3 People Die in U . S . Virgin Islands After Hurricane Irma Causes Catastrophic Damage
2 Uh oh ! Now they're saying the track changed & #Irma's headed for Orlando
CHECK OUT MY CHANNEL SUBSCRIBE & COMMENT . CHECK OUT THE HURRICANE IRMA FOOTAGE ! !
For the first time in 7 years two major hurricanes are spinning in the Atlantic at the same time . #Irma on the lef
The #Caribbean spirit ! ! ! Meet Hector The Palmtree a #hero a #symbol and a #HurricaneIrma survivor !
Thank you ! ! Fun distractions from life and Hurricane Irm
#MONEY #IRMA business BP and Reliance revive plans for a gas field close to a missile test site
Costa Rica's Meteorological Institute Confirms Hurricane Irma Will NOT affect Costa Rica Costa Rica Star News
#MONEY #IRMA business The Equifax cyber attack ranks among the largest cybersecurity breaches in history
Like their namesake storms they both look to be destructive and ruinous .
I liked a video LIVE Hurricane IRMA The Weather Channel LIVE STREAM HD LIVE COVERAGE OF HURRICANE
Lunatics swimming ! ! RT Watch on #Periscope HURRICANE IRMA DRIVE FLORIDA CAT 5 #IRMA #HurricaneIrma
We are OPEN FOR BUSINESS . Due to Hurricane Irma our offices in Florida will be closed late Friday September 8 ...
What a monster . #Irma
... and until the USA starts DOING something about #climatechange these babies are going to keep slamming into your
You wouldn't believe it ! ! Ooops my mistake ! It's the Tories so of course you would !
Sacrifice an act of true love for our neighbor .
ATTENTION Our Phi Kappa Sliders fundraiser for the #HurricaneHarvey and #HurricaneIrma is postponed to sometime next week due to rain !
So our Disney Dream Cruise got cut short by a day but we are safely out of The Bahamas before Hurricane Irma ...
Winter is coming .
To any follower who could be affected by the hurricane Irma stay safe ! Yesterday it went through my country so I understand your worries
They packing the meat
Another game bites the dust . Expect more announcements later . #Irma is NO joke .
Haiti still recovering from 2016 Hurricane braces for Irma
we werent talking about the most mph ever . no hurricane has been 185 or more for as long as Irma has .
Couldn't happen to a more deserving fella . The rest of the island however didn't deserve something like this .
If there is any silver lining and it is tarnished silver to be sure it is better to slam into the Everglades firs
#Irma intensifying again as it approaches S #FLwx ? Can't rule it out . Low but increasing shear & no dry air
New York City News Search Traffic Mounts As People Flee Irma New York City News & Search
That's what I've been telling people . It's coming so close behind Irma and following the same path so fa
Wow wrkg at a global ad hoc cargo I had no idea what a friggin mess #irma Pot
The latest The FuckingJournalists weekly ! Thanks to #irma #ad
I've just realized that if you put the blood of a Texan on your front door Irma will pass over your house this weekend without harm to you .
1 Philadelphia News Search Businesses Florida Residents Bracing For Major Hurricane Irma Philadelphia News ...
Great now Frontier makes you BRING YOUR OWN SEAT on the plane ! ! #avgeek #FlyFrontier #Frontier #FrontierAirlines
Incredible efforts by Rick Scott & every affected Governor so far USVI PR GA SC . #UniteBecauseIrma
Hurricane Irma storm heads for most populous Florida county latest news
Take THAT Irma ! ! ! #9roundchelseaplace #9RoundBeastMode
#MONEY #IRMA business Trump tweeted about DACA after a request from House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi
Goodness gracious . My heart .
stay safe from Irma . Thinking of you & Ziggy !
Bill stay safe in #Miami #HurricaneIrma2017 #Hurricane #Irma2017
Hurricane Irma latest Fears for British girls on Caribbean island
I'll be grateful if I still have a cabin after Irma
Ale house is open as long as they stay busy everyone slide to ale house tonight . Home welcoming party for Irma
New 77 year old Irma evacuee from FL missing in Lancaster Co needs medication
not news ... yes if you go to Caribbean when Irma was in the Atlantic for 2 weeks ... oops ya get stranded ... NOT NEWS
RIP IT DOWN #HurricaneIrma2017 Hurricane Irma takes aim at Trump's Mar a Lago social media goes wild Fox News
I just came back to Twitter to tell you guys bye cuz I might die because hurricane Irma . I mean it won't be till Sunday but still bye
so y'all think its all gonna be fine huh ?
Carnage as Irma hits UK Caribbean islands .
A Hurricane Watch is in effect 4 South Florida the Florida Keys Lake Okeechobee & Florida Bay will likely be exp
NBC 10 First Alert Weather Will Irma Impact Philly ?
This new Irma path is really making me wish I volunteered to fly to work site up north
This will make your heart sink . Lord have mercy .
Ayo Irma . I got an apple event to watch so if you could not do any damage in the next couple of days that'd be grea
Praying for those in Irma's path . Her wrath is nothing to take lightly . #irma #hurricane #prayers
with Irma coming to kill us and me not valuing my life enough to evacuate this might be my last pds . It was nice knowing ya
mike Hubb Irma got up to 500 miles wide just yesterday
The Real Cause Behind Hurricane Irma via
UPDATE 3 Florida nuclear plants to shut ahead of Hurricane Irma #BusinessNews #Companies
I call that tailgating ...
The hell ? ! ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ?
Help the help those affected by Harvey Help the fight Irma
When you've literally thrown your hands up and said ' screw it there's a hurricane coming and I don't care anymore .
Atlanta welcomes #HURRICANE Irma evacuees #FWCWeather
Hey #IrmaHurricane here it is ... Donald Trump's house Mar A Lago
Hurricane Irma Orlando Shakes Orlando Rep Mad Cow Garden Theatre react
I suppose too late now to worry with something like this .
130 soldiers from the NJ Army National Guard prepare for deployment to aid Florida ahead of Hurricane Irma
Hurricane Irma ravages Caribbean islands as Florida nervously awaits historic storms wrath
Hi Airbnb has activated our host community to open their homes for $ 0 for evacuees of Hurricane Irm
Sounds like the apocalypse is nigh
Delta Pilot Flies Through Hurricane Irma To Get Last Commercial Flight Out Of San Juan While Hurricane Irma ..
Watch " Driving in the mountains near Humacao at 12pm on September 6th IRMA " on YouTube
Great job now compare that to Who is charging customers out rages prices and
Retweeted ABC News Hurricane #Irma remains a Category 5 storm with winds of 175 mph located about 40 ...
This would be Austin
Hurricane #Irma What NJ should be watching for via
Why Hurricane Irma Could Hurt a Lot
Live updates The latest on Hurricane Irma via #CNNMoneyStream
The possibility of ' major impact ' on Florida has increased here are the latest updates on Hurricane Irma
thedomains #Domains RT FLDEO Know where to find fuel GasBuddy #HurricaneIrma
Do they think Jose will follow the same track as Irma ?
Vacation went from frolicking on the sun to figuring out how to get home due to #Irma
6thFlo our pilot was weak af compared to this flight
Here's the latest projected path for #HurricaneIrma . says the latest update shows a slight waver west
& My Dumb Ahh At The Gym
Eric Alberts Manager of Emergency Preparedness spoke with to discuss how we're preparing for Hurricane Irma .
This was cooldrama on twitter as a Delta flight rushed to beat Irma .
Free Wi Fi after Hurricane Irma ? Comcast has Florida covered in hotspots #irma #ClaimsProUSA
Mann that shit still coming directly over us smh . Shift your ass over some more Irma
Psssshhhh bring it on #Irma we ready
Cruise passengers dropped off in Miami rushing to get home ahead of Irma
kev any word on your show in Macon this weekend getting canceled due to hurricane Irma ? Plz respond
Latest tracking on #HurricaneIrma coming right up FL & heading right at Augusta GA plz take precautions now
shame on you for not changing your policy for #HurricaneIrma for FL prices ...
Hurricane Irma on track for direct hit on Miami
Hurricane Irma wipes tiny Caribbean island off the map
I think it's safe to say the Virgin Islands are fucked . New name for the island TBD . #hurricaneirma2017
Your FEMA CA TF1 has been repositioned and is enroute to southeast Georgia to stage in preparation for #HurricaneIrma
how will I know if my 12pm flight tomorrow will not get cancelled bc of Irma ? I need to make a decision whether to drive out or fly
Last day for #rd2be w me . #cooking marathon b4 #hurricaneirma for my 97 yr ld
What's the police motto again ? " To be a dick at all times ? " Some dumb shit told me it was " To protect and serve . " W
Ah . THIS is what I've been looking for . Holy crap taco
Hurricane Irma Leaves Devastation Of ' Epic Proportions ' In Caribbean
ramirez I know ur hurt by him but let it go . Resentment is not a good look and u seem sweet
175mph winds is a threat from #Irma .
Hurricane Irma Relief TT on
Irma is a Category Five hurricane right now but it's expected to be downgraded before it impacts in Florida
Hurricane Irma relief for the victims in the US BVI
New video the road to St Peters St Maarten After Hurricane Irma
My 5 year old niece has a higher vocabulary than him
Canadians in Caribbean Florida flee before Hurricane Irma hits
Dramatic Video Shows Hurricane Irma Wreaking Havoc On St . Thomas pls RT #English #News #PressT
Frankly dear I don't give a flying about those 2 lib idiots . To the rest of Floridians May God be
The internet has no chill #hurricaneirma #florida #rickandmorty #itscoming
this happens during hurricane season moron
Pray for us here in Florida . #prayforflorida #prayforGeorgia #prayforeastcoast #hurricaneirma
#HurricaneIrma ravages Caribbean islands as #Florida nervously awaits historic storms wrath The Washington Post
reelection campaign #TrumpPence2020 ad buys on #FakeNews #CNN during #HurricaneIrma coverage . #Cynical #FakePresident
Deadly Hurricane Irma Takes Aim at Turks & Caicos Bahamas
I don't know what to say anymore about #HurricaneIrma . Just get it over with I guess .
Irma you're doing amazing sweetie
Rush Limbaughs dangerous suggestion that #HurricaneIrma is #fakenews #moderates #gop #tcot #maga #trumptrain #dems
5pm Thursday forecast track for Hurricane Irma . Remember impacts can be felt well removed from the center of the st
#BravesFam #Braves #AtlantaBraves Braves offer free tickets to Hurricane Irma evacuees
Hurricane Irma Closes In On Turks And Caicos pls RT
See this ? This is Florida . And this ? This is a hurricane . Um what about this ? Well sir this is called a map ...
The latest The PeopleStreet Daily ! Thanks to morano #irma #ouraganirma
Are we still at a point where hasnt let do linefit for the A320 family ?
Not only is Cat 5 #HurricaneIrma #Irma 5x more powerful its also much larger than 1992 Cat 5 #Andrew
Thank you for the kind wishes Allie ! I'm heading to my grandmas out west tomorrow
Well ... you can say I am actually really freaked out
European model updated forecast now predicts Florida landfall of #HurricaneIrma for Sunday morning at 8am ET
Liberal conspiracy concocted via weather manipulation . Or so say #Limbaugh & #InfoWars .
Txs for joining us Sam . Appreciate the insight . Stay safe buddy . #alwaysaNYer #Irma2017
The most amazing picture I've seen with #Irma . That's #Barbuda in the eye of the storm . Can you imagine the calm
#HurricaneIrma Irma looms as the mythical ' Big One ' Florida has long feared from
Praying that my grandparents house doesn't get destroyed by Irma
Se acercan los walkers ?
Analysis How big is Hurricane Irma
AMAZING Images of Irma's INCREDIBLE Power There Are No Words
I hate y'all
Report on potential " ripple effects " from mass evacuations . #hurricaneirma2017
Be safe out there .
Sending love to everyone in the path of Irma . I'm really hoping that this goes back in to the sea .
Irma means goddess of war in German Mother Earth is lashing out
I liked a video OMEN Hurricane Irma wipes tiny Caribbean island off the map YAHAWAH WA YAHAWASHI
#MONEY #IRMA CNNMoney Giant Equifax data breach 143 million people could be affected
Damn so now we getting tornadoes & shit cause we on the dirty side of Hurricane Irma ?
Holy . Fucking . Shit . Y'all .
HURRICANE IVAN RECORD BROKEN 1007
Latest " Irma " track would be a hard hit for S . FL . Our impacts will be Mon . Tue .. Heavy rain flooding & tornadoes
lolita IRMA ... MAYBE TAKE YOU HOME BABY ? ? ? OHHH GOD ... FLOOD SEAQUARIUM SO SHE CAN SWIM HOME ! ! ! PRAYING FOR YOU BABY ! ! !
I'm actually so worried for the people affected by Irma
The National Hurricane Center released an updated Hurricane #Irma forecast that puts Miami in line for a direct hi
And I do appreciate that this will have some meaning in Burris world ... and nowhere else . Plain English please sir .
Everyone in harm's way from #IRMA make plans to go to a shelter or evacuate your area ... dangerous Hurricane comi
Hotels and motels in #Sanibel will be mandatorily evacuated tonight at 6PM . #swfl #HurricaneIrma
Nah but honestly nothing has gone well since trump became president . At least for me
Suggested for those in the path of Irma to ziplock your faucet water about 1 2 3 4 full and freeze . You have water ice !
What is changing is the position of Irma not the hurricane itself . Big difference !
Forecasts Predict Irma is Locked On Florida & Direct Impact Likely
FUCK WHAT HE SAYING IRMA BRING YOUR LIL THICK ASS OVER HERE AND LEMME SHOW YOU SOME REAL WORK
Hurricane Irma The Damage So Far and Whats Next The New York Times
Irma aftermath Caribbean islands destroyed
Also are you not going to address the fact they've considered making category 6 hurri
An anxious Tampa Bay readies for Hurricane Irma #breakingnews by
Decisions to be made asap about leaving due to Irma ... I've never seen a hurricane that comes UP the state . Irma needs to die down and go on .
Irma a cat . 5 and Jose just jumped to a Cat 5 hurricane headed towards the same islands smh
Hundreds of Michigan Consumers Energy employees head to Florida to help prep for Irma
No school or work for the next 4 days so catch me in bed cuz I probably won't have power once Irma hits
Hurricane Irma 5 p . m . update Track shifts west with Central Florida impact more likely
Still firmly believe in the idea that hurricanes need menacing names . Irma sounds like your great aunt that you met once when you were 3
Yikes looks like it's coming right over Orlando too
Come on hurricane where are your people covering Miami Ft . Lauderdale and West Palm Beach ? Cocoa Beach ? Piffle #hurricaneirma2017
Nobody in my house is drinking a bottle of water until Irma comes
OMG only just heard #Florida is being evacuated ! Where are you heading to ? Stay safe all of you
Wx Since the system has been shifting Irma to east and then back west and east again ? ? ?
We are definitely thinking of our #NASHIES Di let's us all know ur safe beautiful Marjie sending h
RT This Delta plane flew straight through Hurricane Irma and the internet couldn't look away
#Harvey hit Houston . #Irma to hit Miami . Commonality ... Hillary won cities !
The latest The Self Employment Journal ! #hurricaneirma
Pushing the " sex offender " button is classic fear mongering !
HURACN IRMA ARRASA ISLAS DEL CARIBE Y FUERZA LA ORDEN DE EVACUACIN DE LA COSTA DE MIAMI al momento
Jose is right on Irma's ... behind .
Mother Fkn #HurricaneIrma #paradejoder #estoycagado please tell me
National Association of State Departments of Agriculture will meet in New Orleans next week . USDA Secretary
Please help us help Harvey and Irma dogs .
Stay Safe ! I love my #FinsUp
As Hurricane Irma bore down San Juan Puerto Rico Delta sent one last flight to help evacuate a few hundred ...
ok but i didnt know that it was that close to alabama tho lol help
If you or someone in your home has special needs call your countys special needs registry office . #Irma
90 % of barbuda is destroyed and this makes the headlines .
As #HURRICANE Irma Churns Oregons Eagle Creek Fire Continues to Burn Photos
RT people " Sister of Teen Surfer Who Died Riding Waves During Hurricane Irma Speaks Out All of Barbados Is Hurti
Despite a slightly more westward track power outages flooding and isolated tornadoes are still expected . Do not l
Florida Northern Colorado game canceled due to Hurricane Irma via
Hurricane Irma update Huge sea swells to hit the USA TONIGHT via
No shutters just prayers . #hurricaneirma
Think Progress What we know about Hurricane Irma the most powerful storm ever recorded in the Atlantic #solar
My great aunt's name is Irma
SpaceX launches mysterious Air Force space plane ahead of Irma's arrival
His FEMA papers are already completed .
Harvey Costliest natural disaster in U . S . history . Irma Hold my beer .
Hurricane Irma Early prescription refills allowed before storm
Key Wests mayor on how the city is preparing for Irma
IMPORTANT News Potential impact on selected flights due to #HurricaneIrma
That may have to be his new handle . #loveit Please be careful and I'm thinking of
Models continue to be biased eastward at 48 hrs lead time w respect to #Irma's track . ECMWF consistently shown sma
Floods injuries as Hurricane Irma lashes Haiti Torrential rain pounded Haiti on Thursday as monster Hurricane Irma roared past the countr
And there's still warm ocean water for it to gain energy from in its path .
JetBlue Slashes Flights to $ 99 to Help People Escape Hurricane Irma
yah and the other ppl there . jesus
Who else just goes to see where is to find out about the storms ? #irma
Hurricane Irma prompts Zello app interest amid storm prep
No thanks
In case anyone suggests Irma is a result of Trump show them this . 7 years ago under Obama there was an eerily si
UPDATE 3 Hurricane Irma worsens Latin America's fuel supply crunch
Fleeing #hurricaneirma with Bruno & Beauchamp . 9 hrs to Gainesville shld b 4 Home could soon be gone .
Hurricane irma 2017 via
increases its pledge from 12m to 32m for and #Irma
That's what I'm doing when Irma hits
Just because you're not on the coast of Florida Georgia or South Carolina doesn't mean you're safe from #Irma's i
D Trump am I the only one hoping that #irma flattens #maralargo
Irma maintains category 5 status nearing the Turks and Caicos Islands .
Irma is 3 times bigger than what Andrew was dear jesus take trump and his possum looking son instead
Buckeye readies Puerto Rico terminal restart after Irma leaves area
Who cares about celebrities properties . No more important then the working class properties .
dat bih Irma bouta be in the retirement home now .
Wow what a comparison .
WSJ Hurricane Irmas record setting winds left a trail of devastation across a string of small islands in the Car
#Praying that all will heed the warnings and evacuate or seek very strong shelter .
Hurricane Irma to affect 37 million people according to UN
Mother Nature has her answer for the climate change deniers You were warned .
Never let Hurricane Irma ride the wave
Waiting for Irma to go away .
Hurricane Irma Roars Through Caribbean ; Expected To Hit US On Sunday News 9
I liked a video OUR HOUSE COULD GET DESTROYED ... Hurricane Irma
Here are the fake Irma forecasts photos and videos that are circulating right now .
Yikes ! Hurricane Irma's staggering power in numbers PBS NewsHour #SmartNews
Hurricane Irma The view from the #Caribbean #PuertoRico amid storm #BREAKING #HurricaneIrma
and Ivanka doesn't need anymore attention to her brand .
I pray that all my friends that stayed remain safe .
Reconstruction of Irma's path is going to take years ...
someone just told me I'm gonna be fine during Irma because " hierba mala nunca muere "
West This just got real really fast . Dade County is now ordered to leave too
Due to the inclement weather of Hurricane Irma will cancel all classes beginning today until furt
Harvey and Irma Despite the storms God promised the Earth would never again be destroyed by water .
I have the best words .
#Irma Ya know this Hurricane had to be a women's name .. She cant figure out if she wants to go more East or more West ..
No free Irma access ?
Why would you do that ?
. on #Periscope Calm before storm Hurricane Irma #HurricaneIrma #Travel
#Katia could hit Mexico as early as late FRI as a CAT 2 or 3 hurricane . It's now much weaker than #Irma or #Jose
JUST IN Menlo Park based Task Force 3 to send 70 rescuers to #HurricaneIrma Unsure where going when leaving ; differ
Lmk how Irma goes
Rhode Island Native Braces For Irma's Impact pls RT #news #localnews
#TampaBay area sandbag locations #hurricaneirma2017
Hurricane Irma has Miami in its sights . #jlabnews
This state couldn't evacuate if it wanted to . By the time these people make it to GA or AL Irma will already be here .
Where is Irma going to hit Florida ?
Orlando Daytona St Augustine Jacksonville are on the clock
Praying that Irma likes to make right turns ! And that Safety Harbor is safe !
Anybody familiar w #Zello walkie talkie app ? Have fam in Florida facing #HurricaneIrma via
Buzzfeed 14 ways Bernie can still win and save Florida from #Irma
I'll bet Mar A Lago is still standing after Irma
#irma prep done now it's a waiting game .
Thank you for clearly showing the effects of earth's warming climate .
The media is giving everyone anxiety #hurricaneirma2017
4 30 PM UPDATE #HurricaneIrma track shows slight WEST shift . Puts eye over western PBC . Belle Glade Pahokee Lake
Abhorrent Airlines accused of cashing in on Hurricane Irma #healthinnovations #insurance #health #stocks #legal
. any criticism of UK response to #Irma should be rebuffed as plainly not fair or true . More likely just political mischief
What's next for Hurricane Irma ? What to expect as storm approaches Florida CBS News
And there's another major hurricane right behind Irma
Don't be labeled an idiot later listen and put your FAMILY AND YOURSELF before inanimate objects that can be repla
HURRICANE IRMA Florida Governor Rick Scott latest update #HurricaneIrma LIVE via
What to know about Hurricane Irma so far #Irma #hurricane
To all the people who are staying in Florida like me and riding out the storm please be safe #hurricaneirma2017
Relief for Irma Affected Islands
Be careful out there neighbors #IrmaHurricane has issued a mandatory evacuation of Zone A residents
Cheeto speaks less fluently than characters in the primer level Dr . Seuss books and is also less visually appealin
#HurricaneIrma For information on pet friendly evacuation shelters click here
I could stare at this all day long .
No point showing space pics to convince Trump ers that Irma is worst ever 1 1000 years they'll say the earth is flat and pics fake #MAGA
Smashing records like their going out of style starring Hurricane Irma . Keep it here on 95.7 The Hog as we take ...
We aint worried #HurricaneIrma #Miami #GodGotUs
America has the biggest and the best ! We are winners and we excel ! Irma is a true AMERICAN
DOUBLE TROUBLE Hurricanes in the Atlantic ... #Irma and #Jose both one after another .. #FLWX #Tropics #Hurricanes
To all my friends and family in the path of Irma . You are in my thoughts and prayers
It's getting crazy now . Nervous is an understatement . Be we have done all we can do in prepping for #Irma .
On the bright side Irma will be moving fast over Florida .
Florida is bracing for the impact of Irma . At 5 an update on the ferocious hurricane's path .
Hundreds of Orthodox Jews escaping Irma find refuge food in Atlanta Atlanta #Judaism #JewishCommunity #Jews
Irma girl i s2g you better not destroy my sh t
Jacksonville Humane Society relocates animals shelter space needed for pets displaced by Irma Florida Times Union
#HurricaneIrma Passing #DominicanRepublic Aimed at #Florida
Sad news . Athletics coach Xavier ' Dag ' Samuels has died in the BVI during the passage of Hurricane Irma . He will be
Update #HurricaneIrma bears down on Turks & Caicos islands
Winds are picking up #Turksandcaicos # T & C live broadcast
Airline Seats Disappearing as Irma Approaches Florida " Airline Seats Disappearing as I
This is disheartening
Florida needs to start taking this serious no joke .
Getting ready for #HurricaneIrma be like ... #ItsAPorgLife #Porg #Starwars
Harvey will be a lot more than that . Had to say about Irma . FL updated their lax building codes dram
#HuricaneIrma For real though stay safe . And Irma plz leave . Like don't come
uh ... can hurricane irma chill out for a second
In other Harvey and Irma news ...
Me during hurricane Irma .
Hurricane Irma boosts downloads of walkie talkie app Zello
. on Hurricane Irma I don't want to lose one person #TheLead
Hurricane update Powerful Irma still aiming for Florida and Jose gains strength
Irma evacuees welcome at Charlotte Motor Speedway #Nascar
nigga you are gonna pop that in 2 seconds fat ass
Hurricane Irma leaves at least 7 dead in Caribbean devastation on U . S . Virgin Islands .
Stay out of #irma way
Delta is a horrible airline . Who owns it again ? That explains everything !
Hurricane Irma island by island damage across the Caribbean Yahoo ! News #Irma #Caribbean
Sumter School District continues to monitor Hurricane Irma . We will run on a regular schedule on Friday .
. Except anyone black brown Muslim or a DACA recipient . Let them burn in hell right Pencey ?
#HurricaneIrma forcing mandatory evacuations in Georgia South Carolina
FOXNEWS #HurricaneIrma forcing mandatory evacuations in Georgia South Carolina
Every time I see a new image of this storm I get chills .
Praying for every 1 in the path of #HurricaneIrma
CUDALO DE IRMA ! VIENE IRMA ! SHARKNADO ! HUYAN ! LOS MAYAS ! NOS MORIMOS ! SALVA AL GATO ! AY CHIAAAAAMOOOOOOOOOO !
Featured on a #Irma tweet Altamonte Springs Costco pic by of
Your First Alert weather team is providing constant updates on Hurricane Irma
HOW did people ever do hurricanes without social media ? #HurricaneIrma Actually probably with LESS stress . . . and less preparation .
Fpl Warns Customers Of Likelihood Of Outages If Hurricane Irma Hits pls RT #outages #FPLpowero
CNN How nursing homes and assisted living facilities across South Florida are preparing for Hurricane #Irma
Lots of Brickell Miami shops are closed . This is at 940 SW 1st Av . #HurricaneIrma #HuracanIrma
This is so scary ! ! ! I cancelled my WDW trip . THANKS IRMA ! Stay safe everyone in her path . Praying for you !
#NBA Wire Hurricane Irma forces cancelation of Florida vs . Northern Colorado game this week
this is what I wrote my email to you about .
Irma just took a turn . We have water at Belleview Publix . Please get ready .
LATEST Readout of President Trump's briefing on Hurricane Irma " His number one priority is saving lives " NBC News
Travelers Fleeing Irma Complain About Airfares
ravelo 10 Don't forget hurricane Irma ya new guest coming over to see the house lmfao
Today would've been my grandma Irma's 86th birthday . ok grandma I see u .
when irma came is was like ok i want to die but u better not kill me i need to tell my crush then u can kill me it'll be a sad story to tell
Irma devastates world famous St . Martin airport Washington Post #ClashRoyaleHack
Can we see the originial projected paths from Irma when 1st started and where it has been ? Compare all pls thanks
thoughts go out to Josh and his family during Hurricane Irma . #BB19
Or you can email them Plz retweet so everyone in path can get to safety
So great to see the USA coming together !
More hurricanes coming . J
Will Irma Turn Out To Be the HUGE Mythical Beast Long Feared By Florida ? #Dems #FEMA #FloodVictims via
Please help us help Harvey and Irma dogs . RT please .
Glad to see my siblings are maintining their sense of humor in the midst of their Irma prep .
Where is Hurricane Irma heading ?
South Florida in Hurricane Irma's bullseye
#news Hurricane Irma bears down on Turks and Caicos islands The Turks and Caicos await Hurricane Irma which has
Gawd . The last thing Atlanta needs is more people from Florida . #Irma2017 #hurricaneirma
Hurricane Irma's voiceless victims PETA founder reveals what to do with pets in disasters
neymar Fr we good we curving Irma
Harvey 104 and Irma 93 So Cute !
It's okay Trump won't let Jose in . You only gotta worry about Irma .
Professional surfer 16 dies trying to ride Hurricane Irma wave in Barbados
Richard Branson hunkered down in his wine cellar as Hurricane Irma blasted his private island
Wait does anyone know where Rick Ross or DJ Khalid went for #hurricaneIrma ?
. on #Periscope WATCH #Periscope We're in Florida as #hurricaneirma prepares to make landfall in the US
The Avatar is in Puerto Rico and he's pissed
Hurricane Irma Has Rendered the Island of Barbuda ' Barely Habitable '
. says there's more calls on price gouging but doesn't know if it's worse or if there is more awareness . #HurricaneIrma
Praying for all my American friends atm and everyone who's in danger of Irma Stay Safe guys
#technology Here's how to use Zello the walkie talkie app people are downloading ahead of Hurricane Irma Busine
This is absolutely terrifying for me . I went through Andrew
Low Lying Turks And Caicos Bahamas Brace For Hurricane Irma Hit
This would be funny if not for the people who lost everything Limbaugh suggests Hurricane Irma is a liberal hoax .
Here's how to use Zello the walkie talkie app people are downloading ahead of Hurricane Irma Business Insider
They have good food ... FYI
sil Have you used it before ? Reviews on the App Store were fairly brutal . It's not going to st
From all of us at PATCtech to all of our friends in the path of Hurricane Irma please stay safe our thoughts and prayers are with you .
1985 called & wants their printed poster board back . Where is the digital graphics ? Good God it's 2017 ! ... jus
RT CNNSitRoom FEMA official on #Irma preparations If you are told to evacuate do not delay .
We Can All Hope . . . . .
Praying for everyone that is being affected by Irma . As someone from Houston I know the fear and devastation everyone is going through .
World Hurricane Irma Churning Over Dominican Republic Heads Toward Turks and Caicos New York Times
#Haiti Haiti IRMA Haiti less affected but caution is needed via HaitiLibre
It's not an exact science yet but forecasting is better than ever #Irma #Jose #Katie .
Green area is swamp . Will continue to fuel Irma .
It gon rain . A lot .
haha George #irma is bringing bad weather we need to donate part of that pay day 2
This hurricane Irma looks like one mean bitch
#Resist #NastyWoman #DACA IT'S A SHIRT ! ! GET IT HERE FEMA official on #Irma preparations If you are told to
its too late bud irma is on her way should have told me sooner ...
I pray for ALL who've been & will be affected by Irma . May God look over all of earth's lands & creations especially my little sister
Damn you Irma ! No or this weekend
I live in Jersey but #HurricaneIrma is giving me an ulcer . I really need my mom to move .
RT nytimes Here's an overview of the damage caused by Hurricane Irma and what comes next
Photos Hurricane Irma makes landfall
#Irma has now surpassed Ivan 2004 for 3rd longest time span at Cat . 5 status during Atlantic lifetime #Theworldface
it's what he deserves
The calm before #HurricaneIrma here in Ft . Lauderdale Florida
The Emperor of the Bytes Estate urges all his loyal followers in #Florida to be prepared for #HurricaneIrma . The Emperor is with you ! ...
Hurricane Irma Could Impact Every Major City In Florida via
How To Protect Pets During Hurricane Irma
Raise your hand if you've ever felt personally victimized by hurricane Irma
Getting ready for hurricane Irma . Sending positive thoughts to Nature and humans .
Irma slams Trump's $ 17mil home #politics
This is not current . I wouldn't rely on this
#hurricaneirma2017 O Allah please protect all muslims from the hurricane and save them .
A sibling of a friend of a friend " I'm so nervous about #Irma I can't stop pooping ! "
Or because beat that ass so bad it huuuuuuurrrrt
Breaking #Florida vs . Northern Colorado canceled due to Hurricane Irma
Florida nuclear plants to shut ahead of Hurricane Irma
JIC you weren't freaked enough .
ToP FucKt ' Hurricane Irma destroys ' 95 % ' of French part of St see more
Zander Venezia 5 Things To Know About The Surf Pro 16 Who Died In Hurricane I ... by
How To Help Victims Of Hurricane Irma 5 Charities Working To Support Those Hit By Deadly Storm via
Our thoughts are with all prepping for Irma . The main priority is that YOU stay safe .
What if hurricane Irma is god playing with his fidget spinner ? ?
This isn't funny ... But ... Come on man
Top story Live updates on Hurricane Irma CNN see more
Hey isn't paying for each storm #Harvey #Irma more $ $ than the Econ . Impact of embracing green economy ? Sad . Stupid .
Thoughts and prayers to all of you ... thank you for remaining steadfast in your work .
GA VA Temporary Office Closings due to Hurricane Irma
thread of my neighborhood after irma
I can see hurricane Irma all ready
Yes looks like st . Croix now serving as staging ground for support
Hurricane Irma via
Frankly I'm much more worried about Haiti
Teen Surfer Sought Irma's Waves . It Cost Him His Life
Mosques in Orlando and Tampa offering to shelter anyone in need as #Irma closes in on Florida .
KARMA ? Category 5 Hurricane #Irma heading directly at Trumps $ 28 million Caribbean mansion
Karma is a bitch ;
outside during hurricane irma damn bish u stupid wet
I liked a video Preparing for HURRICANE IRMA in Florida SCARY
Atlantic Now I need the word of a meteorologist I can trust . I've noticed Irma hasn't gone throug
I have my papers ready to grade too . Today was for #HurricaneIrma prep .
As Hurricane Irma approaches Florida we want all of our patients parents and friends to know our thoughts are ...
#Panthers have chartered a plane to take the team's players staff members families and pets out of the state ahead of Hurricane Irma .
Harvey hold my beer . Irma #HurricaneSeason2017
Prayers for those impacted by the hurricanes . Please be safe and take precautions .
this is really the end of bulletscountry . can't believe i'm gonna die without seeing coed win worlds again . fuck irma
Top story Harvey and Irma Married 75 Years Marvel at the Storms Bearing Thei see more
Another corporation doing the right thing Comcast announces free WiFi hotspots during Irma
Irma looks so bad I might tell my parents I love them .
Meet Harvey & Irma ! ! Oh my ! !
no shit you pissbaby
Florida sheriff says hell arrest people fleeing Hurricane Irma if they have open warrants
I'm so sick of this hurricane shit I'm suppose to be back in Miami next week Irma messing up my groove
Make sure you take pictures of your home inside and out including the roof and your cars for insurance purposes . Be safe #HurricaneIrma
What do you think of this hIRMAcane ? Tssssssss tssssss Irma wait for a reply
Highways are gridlocked and almost impossible to even drive on . Just awful feeling .
Until that shit hit and y'all niggas die lmao
Wow check out the eye of #Irma passing north of Dominican Republic and headed for the #turksandcaicos
#HurricaneIrma is headed this way
Hmmmm ... I may need to start my psychotic Weather Channel watching again .
P 3s rock ! Too bad the Navy replaced them with the P 8 .
have you said climate change is responsible for Irma ? That would get me ...
Two #Florida #Nuclear Plants Are Projected to Be Hit Hard by #HurricaneIrma #Irma #Miami #FloridaKeys #FloridaStrong
Me last night Irma schmirma who cares lol Me after this headline AH FUCK IS THIS FOR REAL THIS IS A TRAVESTY WE
Messianic Rabbi Says Prayer Can Stop Hurricane Irma via Today
It dosen't matter what you are going through Jesus is the Answer . #Jesus #hurricaneirma2017 #HurricaineIrma
Florida and Georgia officials are issuing evacuation orders as Hurricane Irma approaches with 175 mph winds
Airways I'm flying out of tomorrow evening is it likely this will get cancelled or are we still flying ? #irma
American Airlines cancels over 2 000 flights due to Hurricane Irma
CNN As #Irma moves toward the US we look back at some of the most devastating storms to form over the Atlantic
DEADLINE AMC Cinemark Regal & More Closing Coastal Theaters As Hurricane Irma Heads To Florida
hey you ok down there ? #HurricaneIrma
LET'S PRAY FOR FLORIDA ! #hurricane #irma #soutflorida Herbalife Club
The highest point in Key West is Solares " hill " ... 18ft ASL .
Irma right now
Bitch I had something due at 5 pm today my professors don't give a fuck about Irma
Hurricane Irma is even bigger than Hurricane Andrew which devastated Florida in 1992 .
hurrtrackerapp Hurricane Irma Headed To FL . 9 7 17
hurrtrackerapp RT THETonyMorrison NEW ABC now estimates 1.2 M Florida residents are under a mandatory evacuation ahead of Hurricane #Irma .
I26 is a parking lot right now . most of the cars are packed with their stuff . people trying to evacuate from hurricane irma .
Why are people in the path of Irma frantic about getting jugs of water ? That's what the hurricane is for
Shit just got very real #Irma
SpaceX sneaks in X 37B space plane launch ahead of Hurricane Irma
Update Cruise lines divert ships cancel sailings due to Hurricane Irma
Dont think this person realises the planets been here 3.5 billion yrs longer than accurate wind speed measurement .
Everyone in Florida stay safe .. #hurricaneirma2017
Florida vs Northern Colorado Cancelled Due to Irma Threat
I'm sad that Irma is gonna ruin my pretty landscaping
Florida seniors nursing homes brace for Hurricane Irma
I hope the whole things get blown right into Mexico !
Hurricane Irma is clearly a nazi male chauvinist
Hurricane Irma pushes plans for homeless into high gear Orlando news
Irma Update Todays Paradise & Sensation sailings have departed as scheduled bound for Havana and Cozumel .
About Polk County checking IDs at Irma shelters . Thanks for putting first responders in more danger by increasing rescue load ... dumbasses .
#Irma steamrolling through the Turks & Caicos this evening . Hurricane Watches have been issued for Southern Florida
EU Response Following Hurricane Irma
Oh no I have fond memories of Parrot Cay and Donna Karan's humble abode .
Starbucks Hurricane Irma Starbucks closes up stores to allow workers to prepare
#AskPhil how wide is the eye ? #HurricaneIrma
I haven't checked the source but seems about right .
#MLB Hurricane Irma forces cancellation of Florida vs . Northern Colorado game this week
Did Irma's Off Center Lashing of Puerto Rico Worsen Its Economy ?
no subs for irma who did this
for Puerto Rico #HurricaneIrma hope your family is OK !
#MONEY #IRMA WSJ WSJ analysis reveals another divide in the United States participation in high school football
The Delta Flight That Raced Hurricane Irma and Won #AllShare
Even Georgia is under IRMA's wrath
I hope Irma doesnt shift anymore west but I also don't wanna wish this monster bitch on anyone else . Florida life ...
It really is a race against time as rescuers in #Antigua & #Barbuda help those injured in #HurricaneIrma before
welcome to the beginning of adria tweeting random stuff bc she is on a road trip away from hurricane irma ! !
Pray for my country
BuzzFeedNews Irma Update Death toll at 14 Expected to hit south Florida directly Hurricane warning for Cuba
#TwitterMoments # v Hurricane Irma is even bigger than Hurricane Andrew which devastated Florida in 1992 .
Just spent about 3 hours in line to get sandbags #Hurricaneirma
Cuba is before the Turks & Caicos Either report for all islands or not at all ? ? ? Prejudice ... Cubans nicest people
... dad is down there doing work stuff . fun .
Not going into work tomorrow as I'll be working through the weekend and into Tuesday due to Irma . Will check in when I can .
For the safety of all of our members and staff we'll be closing the NTC starting at 6pm on Friday due to Hurricane
Guess they don't want to make a trip to Greeley to play ?
Whats next for Hurricane Irma ? What to expect as storm approaches Florida
Floridians flee state hunker down as Irma threat approaches via
Me after Hurricane Irma
Hurricane Irma cripples only hospital on St . Thomas as it churns through Caribbean
Man that Hurricane Irma is really inconvenient fuck I'm gonna miss out on my Internet stuff !
Need a good Feel good story around the names Harvey and Irma check this story out . Married couple 75 years .
Here's video of Hurricane Irma that was shot directly from the ISS today . #HurricaneIrma
RT 3 Important Contacts 1 . Restoration Company 305 899 1600 ; 2 . Tree Company ; 3 . Insura
#Delta Airlines is waiving baggage fees and pet fees for cities in the path of #HuracanIrma
Atlanta and Talladega Motor Speedways opening their camping facilities to Irma evacuees via r news
ever thrown a bowling ball ? Ever thrown one over a puddle of water ? that's the force that's coming after Irma hits land . #dontgetittwisted
New Live footage as Hurricane Irma destroys Maho Beach Cam in St Maarten YouTube
WATCH Barbudas Prime Minister takes aerial tour of Irma destruction Island is literally rubble
Harcourts vs Irma step one prep . Dads got priorities save the bar
Hurricane Irma This Delta flight flew right into the stormthen had minutes to escape via r news
Plz say a prayer for my Dad & little sister in Lauderhill Ft Lauderdale . I haven't heard from them & their plans w Hurricane Irma coming .
Praying for those in the path of #hurricaneirma
SanDiego Stay woke . #Irma #Jose
I do hope that will keep a count of how many people he may have killed with his idiotic theories . #Irma
Hurricane Irma forecast path shifts slightly further west with newest data . Still expecting winds well over 100MPH .
Just seeing them smile lights up your mood from all the destruction . Here's a little joy #harveyhurricane &
yal play too much
Stormy Marriage ? #Harvey and #Irma Married 75 Years Marvel at the Storms Bearing Their Names
The latest The Andrew Daily ! Thanks to Pervaiz Khattak MargaretHollin 1 BijouDemi #news #hurricaneirma
WILL it be on Rush's estate Irma may hang out for a bit .
Damn #Irma is destructive ... and now #HurricaneJose is not far behind ? #WTF ? #WorldNewsTonight
#Hurricane #Irma path update LIVE Latest #NOAA track as models show hurricane to HIT #Florida #Ame ...
Planning Forecast includes a beautiful weekend but IRMA may be downgraded to a tropical storm when she moves here .
Trying to stay focused but I have to tell you Irma has me more on edge than any storm in my memory . I'm worried for us .
Typical tradingview chart
Ummm can Irma move back east I'm getting really nervous now
Me too ! Charlotte looks like it will be right in the middle . Lots of gas stations out of gas . No water in the store
Hurricane Irma registering on devices that detect earthquakes via
The Truth About Hurricane Irma via
wants you believe the hurricanes are bc of the eclipse . Seriously .
Hurricane Irma Category 4 Possibly 5 Please get to a Safe Place #praying Less than 48 hrs
Lowkey grateful I'm in Oklahoma and there's no tornadoes
baasit Hi Kadir . We are monitoring Hurricane Irma closely & will keep you updated should there be changes to the event programming .
We HIGHLY recommend signing up for HART service email text alerts . Service may change rapidly due to #HurricaneIrma
Im starting to think that North Korea may be controlling the weather ... #harvey #irma #irmageddon
NOT TODAY YOU NOT TOUCHING ME NOT TODAY #HurricaneIrma2017
4 50 " Irma's been shifting east all day maybe we will be okay . " 5 00 " Ah fuck . " #HurricaneIrma #Irma #Florida
Irma has cost 10 people in the Eastern Caribbean their lives so far and it still going strong . Praying for all victims and their families
Wayment ! ! I just saw on World News that a 15 year old was killed while SURFING in the path of #Irma ! ? ! Smh ... #WhereIsHisMama ! ? ! ?
Woah .
Why is everyone scare of this chick named Irma ?
Irma is not idle ! Beware Florida ! ! ! Beware Georgia ! ! Beware South Carolina ! ! Beware North Carolina ! !
Pro Surfer Decides To Ride An Irma Cat 5 Spawned Wave That Was A BAD Idea via Giles
This is what Andrew did to Florida 20yrs ago Irma is twice as large . I can't imagine what it will do to us now
#Georgia Gov . Expands Irma State of Emergency to Additional Counties
Great advice on finding a hotel in which to shelter from #Irma
Harvey and Irma married couple of Spokane reflect on being named after back to back hurricanes
Nearly 18 years ago we got married in the Outer Banks.Two days after wedding had to evacuate due to Floyd . Anniv 9 12 when Irma hits NC .
Not what you want to see .
Video from space of Hurricane Irma heading toward the Turks and Caicos as Hurricane Jose heads toward the Leeward
Dear goodness ... Barbuda I'm so sorry . #Irma #Jose Please please help the people on the island .
Good freaking grief . Something that will not be good ? A way with words this man does not have .
Harvey Irma Katia Jose and their family members make us thank God for living in Africa . Most of our floods are m
Hurricane Irma Notification & more !
#Irma's latest track is bad news for South Florida . Live updates on this major hurricane here
Puerto Rico avoids the brunt of Hurricane Irma & amp ; #39 ; s wrath #AnimalsNews
Yeah the school has been emailing me on the Alertsb on hurricane Irma
A Melbourne mum has spoken of her fears for her daughter who was evacuated from Miami University as hurricane Irma approaches .
ANOTHER Hurricane #TrackingJose upgraded to Cat 3 storm heading for Antigua & Barbuda already 90 % destroyed by Irma .
Me gust un video de Hurricane Irma path LIVE COVERAGE stream Watch Tracking Hurrucane Irma arrive
I'm ready for #Irma
New York City News Search Pro surfer Zander Venezia dead at 16 following accident in Hurricane Irma swell Ne ...
Well I now have a 4 day weekend . Thank you Irma .
12 hurricanes on record have made landfall in Florida at Cat . 4 5 strength . Here's a table listing them all . #Irma
Irma Inspires a Travel Search Where to Evacuate by TALYA MINSBERG via NYT #SFTI
#Irma may be setting its sight on Savannah Georgia after taking aim at Florida . Thats where we find
My failure posing to give people monetary relief because Irma is going to hit your Resort and you want FEMA to pay you
Hope marlago gets blown away in this hurricane Irma shouldn't of cut climate control budget you clown
Yes it's wonderful when Americans unite ! It shouldn't take a disaster to show our humanity
Comparing Hurricane Irma to 1992 ' s Andrew for perspective
The latest The Tamara Daily ! Thanks to #irma #ad
Please Please heed the warnings .. My thoughts and Prayers for everyone in harm's way .
Irma really in the way of my plans fr
I wish Irma was a boy so he could make up his mind about where he's gonna go
in and out before #irma Drinking a Rip Tide Amber by at #photo
Get the best of APs all formats reporting on #Irma and #Harvey inbox photo by
Hurricane Irma barrels toward Florida as " powerful " Category 5 storm #D7
#IEarnedEliteRewardsPoints from ! Irma
Wishing for everyone to please prepare and stay safe .
Fucking scary ... Irma its going to make some damage . Be safe everyone . Preparing for impact ! ! #HurricaneIrma
Hurricane Irma causes ' severe damage ' to UK Caribbean islands
. fla could face more than 100K in Irma related claims
Hurricane Irma isn't supposed to hit for like 3 more days and I've already eaten over half of my Hurricane snacks
The track of Irma has now shifted back to the West basically splitting the state and half . This is pretty much the worst case scenario .
Call 800 342 3557 Or 305 517 2480 in the Keys if you need help evacuating . #FLPrepares #HurricaneIrma #Florida
Don't know why but its always that price ! We've commented about it every time we go to premium outlet
i hate saying that id rather Irma hit the east coast bc it's pretty much saying i'd rather them get hurt
Hurricane Irma Information from Navigare Yachting 07.09 . 2017 12 30 We now know that the hurricane Irma ...
Looks about right as long as the storm passes to the West .
Why does The Weather Channel just say it shifted west
soooo ... irma is now the size of texas
#HurricaneIrma happy to pay $ 5 an acre for beach front property on miami beach .
Airlines Helping Out To Get People Out Of Irma's Path pls RT
I liked a video HURRICANE IRMA IS COMING Preparing for the Worst
You so bad ! #HurricaneIrma #HurricaneIrma2017
#floridastrong Now there Irma ... We must stay strong Florida
Can we get a selfie before Irma wrecks your face ho ... ill post a pic of my toe 4 all u ladies ;
Be prepared for #HurricaneIrma and download the emergency app also includes " I'm Safe " feature
#CityNewsToronto Hurricane Irma leaves trail of destruction
nobody cares if he wasn't inside .
Watching coverage on Hurricane Irma ... God help us .
#BREAKING ' Ahead of the game ' Florida seniors nursing homes prep for Hurricane Irma
Florida Keys Prepare For Hurricane Irma's First Stop pls RT
New story on NPR Tell Us Your Irma Story
Tell Us Your Irma Story
pao stay safe ! ang powerful ni Irma !
The Braves are offering free tickets to Hurricane Irma evacuees .
Our hearts go out to those affected by #Harvey & #Irma we know first hand from our memory of
Hurricane Andrew 1992 VS #HurricaneIrma #Irma #IRMA #HuracanIrma . More than twice its size speed and strength . RT
Hurricane Irma leaves at least 10 people dead in the Caribbean
#HURRICANE Irma Devastates Caribbean Islands
Why did Equifax just reported the breach when it was discovered July 29th ? They did the duck and run.while we focus on Irma . Shame on you
The Latest Florida cancels football home opener for Irma SAN JUAN Puerto Rico AP The Latest on Hurrican ...
#Irma is going to take Florida by storm .
Happy hour tomorrow cause I'm all ready for this storm one mo turn up before Irma
The above Hurricane is ' Andrew ' 1992 superimposed on the trajectory of ' irma ' photo . Andrew was
RT LuxeTiffany " #Harvey and #Irma
Send your energy to Irma to move away from all land and weaken . Sending prayers and visualization of a weakening storm . #IrmaHurricane2017
SpeedeNews Florida vs . Northern Colorado game cancelled due to Hurricane Irma
This whole #HurricaneIrma situation got me sad af . My mom's family is from Antigua Barbuda and Miami is my second home ...
I hope by tomorrow cause that Bish Irma On Her Way And Momma Can't Leave SC So We All May Drown Somebody Need 2 Cop
Florida Braces For Hurricane Irma With State Of Emergency
FULL TEXT Readout of President Trumps Briefing On Hurricane Irma via
Most recent was Charley in 2004 which made landfall on the gulf side of Florida
Update #Irma could push water levels five to 10 feet above ground in some areas of Florida
A director gotta get himself a whole staff and make a hurricane movie wherever Jose and irma are at asap
Florida Nuclear Plants to Go Dark Ahead of Direct Hit by Massive Hurricane Irma
Sigh
Imagine the whole state of #Texas coming at you #Irma #HurricaneIrma
Islands Brace For Irma Others Survey Damage
UPDATE Sandbags for Residents in Preparation of Hurricane Irma #Orlando
it didnt thunder yesterday but now that irma passed its thundering
EDITION . IRMA . Marine Medium Tiltrotor Squadron readies for hurricane relief efforts . #HurricaneIrma #Irma #FEMA
#HurricaneHAARP is headed towards #Miami ... The shut down of the #US #FEMA #HurricaneIrma
Irma better not fuck up the Miami vs FSU game next weekend
I had to laugh ! !
Little I know about the impact of Irma on other islands . But news are scarry We should all help in any way we can . Together we are stronger .
#HurricaneHarvey and #HurricaneIrma are making alot of people look up and appreciate it more .
One model of Irma's path looks like it could hit Elon . Follow that orange line and you'll see it goes DIRECTLY over
It's Raining #CATS #DOGS ! Please #Adopt a Pet NOW from ANY #Shelter it'd help so much . Lots #HURRICANE Names to C
Thinking about Turks and Caicos tonight . Beautiful sanctuary island where I avoided my 60th birthday last December . #StaySafe #Irma
Download Firechat . It doesn't need mobile data or service to work . Just in case your services knock out . Be prepare
National Hurricane Center predicted Irma would remain at Category 4 or 5 as it passes just to the north of 166 ...
Prayers for all in the path
Hoping I wake up to the news that everyone on #turksandcaicos is safe and ready to rebuild . If you need help let us know ! #irma
Remember whn #hurricane Opal hit ATL in 1995 ? Scary ! Might want to get ready in case #HurricaneIrma heads our way .
eud UK prepositioned enormous ship with HADR stores plus RLC soldiers to help UK
NPR News Tell Us Your Irma Story September 07 2017 at 06 46PM
Thinking of my friends in Turks and Caicos #irma
This traffic map shows people trying to get out of Florida before Irma hits
CNN Hurricane Irma Miami could take major hit
As hurricane Irma approaches we hope that you all are safe and well prepared . Do not underestimate this storm . Stay
Hurricane Irma Prep At BCR via
Lmao get the fuck outta here
Miami Dade County under Hurricane Watch as Irma Nears Florida #Florida
Nuclear plants in Hurricane Irma's path are shutting down ; they can't shut down the cool
Pause Hurrican irma sent me out of my home plz pray we make it without harm
The reality of running a school system .
Two friendly stray kitties in Irma's path in the Miami area need shelter during the storm ! Can you help ... please ?
Bring it on #Irma2017
Harvey and Irma the real life couple married 75 ! years
Hurricane Irma Draghi's euro problem Futures up Here's what you missed in markets
My blessing and thoughts are out of those in its path ... still a CAT 5 ... so devastating
FEMA is not forcing hotels motels to take pets . #FakeNews #Irma
Hurricane Irma increasingly a threat to Miami
Hurricane Irma Thursday 5 00pm Florida hurricane watch expanded as Irma nears Bahamas Miami Herald
If Jose hits us right after Irma I'm leaving Florida forever bc I definitely won't have a home when I come back .
. Piotrowski on #Periscope Hurricane Irma update Miami FL #flwx #hurricaneIrma
Thanks to everyone who came by during the short stream ! Because of Irma next time I plan on streaming will be Wednesday for the raid .
Think hurricane Irma needs to fuck off now like bitch we get it you've made your point now leave and take Jose with you on the way out
Florida Sex Offenders Not Allowed At Hurricane Irma Shelters Sheriff Says
#Navarra Hurricane Irma How to use a NOAA weather radio Palm Beach Post blog
Just to document this and for anyone who wants to know Irma is going to impact my home . This
Where to find the best collections of regional dialects #Irma #inspiration #motivation #
Miami Dade opens up Metrorail garages for free parking during Hurricane Irma .
He's handy just so damn handy #iflookscouldkill #irma #thatsnotpee
Retweeted Victoria Rowell Prayers to all in the Caribbbean during Hurricane Irma . All trying to recover from Harvey .
All hands on deck as five Navy ships prepare Irma response The U . S . Navy has tasked five
Praying for everyone directly and indirectly affected by #HurricaneIrma
It's fun to talk about sex parties at the Stahl House in the 80s but remember our fellow Americans are facing " Irma "
There are many different kinds of bravery . There's the bravery of thinking of others before one's self . JM Barrie
Note the size of Florida for scale
Still some time for a change but right now Irma looks really bad via
Florida gonna be floating around if in the Gulf after Irma gets done w it ..
IT's moving out to sea ... it's not following Irma . Can anyone read the NOAA website ? Or am I the only one who does ?
Unfreaking real . Another one now right behind Irma . God bless you poor souls who will endure that
Dear ... " The story doesn't end with the storm ? " ... Ugh yeahhhhh it does #HurricaneIrma
Praying for all in Irma's path .
we fucked but still in denial
So why is Irma knocking down all the properties of Gawd's chosen president ?
Wish me luck as #HurricaneIrma approaches Miami
Sir Richard Branson rode out Hurricane Irma on his private island in the wine cellar
Hopefully not the new normal .
Cuba Haiti Preparing For Category 5 Hurricane Irmas Impact
Hurricane Irma Is Poised to Erode Florida Beaches all Over Again
#SCnews The Latest Florida cancels football home opener for Irma
They are already closing schools here in GA because of Hurricane Irma . Schools near Augusta closed next week . Wow .
Climate change is real . Period . All those people facing the wrath of #Henry and #Irma know that . We all KNOW that . Some just choose not to .
The US is pathetic
#win new #MacBookPro 2016 Enter here #irma #sheisthefirst #clownliterature #eij17 #daca
note this is of no offense 2u June Sick 2 think that way but very possible w how their minds work #Money #Greed
Does walking to the store for #Irma supplies count ?
Hurricane Irma Destruction on Tortola revealed in videos Daily Mail Online
I haven't heard from Since Yesterday I hope nothing bad happened to him from Hurricane Irma Met please be alright
Latest satellite imagery clearing showing #Hurricane #Irma #Jose and #Katia . #busytropics #tistheseason
How amazing would it be if the ONLY thing in Florida wrecked by #Irma was Mar a Lago ? #freakaccident #oops #thanksirma
Before Irma hits send me pictures of your titties to help with identifying you if it comes to it
Jose is now a Major Hurricane Cat 3 and above is Major . Moving on eh heels of Irma who has plowed the road .
3 ships nearly 700 Marines dispatched to #USVirginIslands #irma #hurricaneirma #huracanirma #OuraganIRMA #USVI
Yeah The Gulf of Mexico is part of the Atlantic and the SF Bay is part of the Pacific
The horror in your eyes completes me . #Irma
Irma put me in a week 1 bind haha do you think yardage would be the same ? or would favor West in yards
In the face of threat posed by Hurricane #Irma people across the US started opening their homes to help evacuees
Irma jean said she ain't playing
Never been a huge Rick Scott fan that's putting it nicely but I'm impressed with how he's handled #Irma thus far .
street All of Florida needs luck right now ... #Irma
Hurricane Irma Likely to Be Far Worse Than Monster Andrew by THE ASSOCIATED PRESS via NYT
The latest The Reviewer ! Thanks to #irma #nyt
The market provides once again
So persecute them with thy tempest and make them afraid with thy storm . #hurricaneirma2017 #tropicalhouse #jaxsu
Everything you know about Harvey and Irma is wrong .
Harvey and Irma Married 75 Years Marvel at the Storms Bearing Their Names by JONAH ENGEL BROMWICH via NYT
Hurricane Irma Florida prepares for storm BBC News
Miami's South Beach boarding up before #Irma .
Student fleeing Hurricane Irma ends up stranded in rail yard via
I met this weatherman when I was in middle school Hurricanes Irma Jose & Katia all at once on 9 6 17 via
ABC Aerial footage shows the sheer devastation in St . Martin caused by Hurricane #Irma barreling through .
Hurricane Irma Is NOT the Most Powerful Atlantic Hurricane Ever Recorded via
No it's stopped for now I need it to go down as much as possible because Irma is headed towards me
Just so you can see for yourself . A gas station by my house folks trying to fill up before Irma .
Those footage of Hurricane Irma ... in St Marteens ...
Irma is still Cat 5 but has weakened very slightly with winds of 175 mph . It looks to be near Miami by Sunday AM
People escaping to Georgia need to turn West . Georgia may not be far enough .
Bracing for Irma Meeting destinations are readying themselves for one of the most powerful storms ever recorded .
If I die because hurricane Irma KNOW THAT I LOVE YOU VERY MUCH !
WATCH Hurricane Irma devastates the Caribbean World ...
My heart is breaking for my friends in Cuba as Irma bears down on them . Mi corazn y mis oraciones estn contigo Cuba . #HurricaneIrma
On Hurricane Irma On Safety and On Our Citrix Family
Reminder joined fellow " Christian " and virtually every Republican to vote against Hurricane S
Hearing Al Roker say that #HurricaneIrma is " right on schedule " and " doing what it needs to do " is just weird . I don't like it .
Hey people in Puerto Rico and the USVI would disagree . #Irma
Hurricane Irma Eye of the storm passes Hispaniola
Love this .
NOAA Hurricane Hunters providing video of inside Irma .
Caribbean islands of Barbuda St Martin and Anguilla decimated as Hurricane Irma continues path of destruction .
Fuck that nigga Irma . I'll see ya in the AM stay safe myute
Hurricane Irma kills 9 in Caribbean islands as Florida awaits storm Triple storms in the Atlantic
Travelling in the next 72 hours ? #Hurricane #irma is affecting flights check for latest inf
MIAMI ... FLORIDA ARE YOU READY HERE COMES CAT 5 IRMA TO DEAL DEVASTATING DAMAGE TO THE SUNSHINE STATE THE ...
Does Vegas take odds on which track ends up being right ?
Can't wait
Has #Irma affected your South Fla vacation ? Here are your options for rebooking that flight
Can anyone say road trip ? #HurricaneIrma #roadtrip I think this is far enough away ?
Atlantic Prayers for Florida . Go East Irma !
Expecting our first Irma evacuees in an hour . A few more tonight & tomorrow . Their # 1 request is cocktails . Love them !
Please Read if you have family and friends that will be affected by hurricane Irma please share .
Puerto Rico's money woes ' dire ' after Hurricane Irma as Jose lurks
Braves offering free tickets to Hurricane Irma evacuees in Atlanta this weekend
FEMA FCC prep emergency comm ahead of Hurricane Irma GCN
Hurricane Irma narrows travel options as airlines airports move to halt flights Friday
Irma Inspires a Travel Search Where to Evacuate
BBC News Hurricane Irma Florida prepares for storm
Hurricane Irma Latest storm track puts north Georgia in Irma's path via
Irma's destruction emerges in the Caribbean #Insurance
Fox complains all the time about " Hollywood Elites " then is the first to publish a story like this . #Irony
I hate this era we are living in .
#HurricaneIrma plz don't come ruin my beach
So worried about Swifties in Irma's path . I'm in Charlotte NC and not sure yet what it's gonna do here . Please be safe everyone
This child has not stop screaming on the monorail . We get it Irma is coming no need to freak out and scream . #disney #hushitkid
Have they evacuated Del Boca Vista yet ? #SaveMorty #HurricaneIrma
THIS HOUSE IS IN THE DEAD CENTER OF HURRICANE IRMA SO im having a good time before the storm
Incoming #Hurricane #Irma challenges stores to restock
Somebody tell stinking that if he's so sure the hurricane is a hoax why doesn't he move down there ?
#MONEY #IRMA business Why its so hard to tell if a $ 100 000 bottle of wine is fake B
HURRICANE IRMA UPDATE At 5 p . m . maximum sustained winds remained at 175mph . A Hurricane Watch has been issue
As Jose explodes to Category 3 status Hurricane Irma's projected path remains west of Hampton Roads
New Track Has Irma Directly Hitting South Fla . via
The #GasShortage2017 is only going to get worse with #Irma likely making landfall in Florida soon Please stay safe !
Hurricane Irma 7 PM UPDATE ; Latest Need To Know Facts
I'm gonna evacuate tomorrow night but ... #HurricaneIrma
Wasn't this part of the crummy sub plot of " The Day After Tomorrow " ?
Hurricane Irma brings death wide scale destruction to the Caribbean Toronto Star
This isn't even a hurricane and not even in Barbuda don't be dumb
At noontime on Friday August 25th the Texas coastal wind projects were operating at 95 percent output an excepti
If #HurricaneIrma could just leave that'd be cool . Ruining my beach plans .
IMPORTANT MESSAGE ! HELP US IN JAX FLORIDA DURING HURRICANE IRMA via
Miamis tower cranes cant withstand Irmas Category 5 winds city warns
San Jose Oakland TSA Workers Deployed For Hurricane Irma Relief
Me talking to #HurricaneIrma
It's true you guys took a ton lol
USGS Installs Storm Tide Sensors along Floridas Coasts prior to #HurricaneIrma Arrival
#Irma Is #Raging Pure #Devastation Im #Appalled How #Hyperdestructive This Could Be . #Florida We #Care We
again sex organs are not what we are discussing gender is . tell me where hurricane
RT CNN " RT CNNSitRoom Halstead Irma cant even be compared to Hurricane Andrew this is a catastrophic storm al
this is freaking impressive
In German #Irma means War Goddess #IrmaHurricane #Irma2017 #Hurricane #WarGoddess #nobueno #MotherOfAllStorms
IRMA 175 MPH heading for Miami at this hour
The Papers Hurricane Irma dominates front pages
We pray for You God to shift the storm away or weaken it . We pray Mark 4 39 over Irma and Jose in the m
Whoever is doing the river dance please stop ? Prepping for the hurricane Irma is not holding back .
I see you have kits stored in Panama . I'm able to speak with your local contact directly .
The Atlanta Braves are giving free tickets to #HurricaneIrma evacuees from FL and coastal GA and SC . Bravo !
Damn Irma . No storm in history of the earth have spun for this long this fast . Its almost like warmer waters r causing stronger hurricanes
The fact that Irma in the movie hit the United States on 9 11 ... & 9 11 is on Monday . Idk coincidence or ?
#XWIG #IRMA We are praying & ready to help after #IrmaHurricane passes . Join with us & learn more at Joyce Mey
Thank you everyone who has reached out ! I am safe and prepared for Hurricane Irma .
Irma is coming
MiamiDadeCounty #TravelAdvisory Miami International Airport parking garages are at capacity . #HurricaneIrma
natural disasters are bad but their causes ... their causes are very good
Not to be dramatic but I will kill whoever told Mother Nature she ain't shit . She said ' fuck you ... hold my beer . '
TWO nuclear power plants in path south east in florida
RT CNNSitRoom Halstead Irma cant even be compared to Hurricane Andrew this is a catastrophic storm all on its
Hurricane Irma Virgin
This is important Thursday Hurricane watch issued for parts of Florida as Irma track shifts west w video
Bringing America to its knees ...
Quebec man on Saint Martin calls Irma the most terrifying experience of his life To
my roommate bucked the callout from Irma
#rtept #CSRAwards2017 #wordsonthestreet #jfkss #Irma Dundalk Caribbean Pearse Station Davy Fitzgerald Kilda 48
Hurricane Irma takes aim at Trump's Mar a Lago social media goes wild via the App
The latest The World New Order Daily ! #hurricaneirma
This is TOO good .
My heart goes out to those in Florida Georgia and South Carolina as #HurricaneIrma approaches . Be kind be safe .
Hillary just found out #HurricaneIrma is headed for Haiti . Hide yo kids .
hurricane irma is scary i aint no pussy so im not tryna die at 15
Hurricane Irma Last flight out of Fort Lauderdale airport Friday night
For people of Miami trying to escape Irma where are they supposed to drive ? It's going to cover the entire state then head to GA SC NC .
Post 1 #staysafeFloridians looking for shelter I will repost locations . #pleaseseekshelter #hurricaneirma
Retweeted City of Miami Beach We know #HurricaneIrma is scary but we'll get through this ...
The ultimate irony would be Hurricane Irma destroying Mar a Lago . Still calling climate change a Chinese hoax Trump ?
This is crazy . Stay safe .
We hope all our fellow Bahamians have prepared for Hurricane Irma . Stay safe and take care of one another !
What are you reading ? I have been reading too ; great way to escape Irma for a few moments !
#HurricaneIrma comparison with Hurricane Andrew 1992 #Irma #HuracanIrma #OuraganIRMA #orkaanirma #SiklonIRMA
u read 538 ? nate has the chiefs as 3rd in the league but are 9 point dogs tonight ? look what Cutler has done in Miami #irma
IRMA has me shook ! It's the size of Texas literally & it's headed our way ! Mega Stressful waiting to see where it turns towards the US .
Seeing both what Harvey did and what Irma is going to do really should change s your outlook and hopefully compassion for others ...
Bro . What the fuck is this ?
Unfortunately there will be no WattCast next week due to hurricane irma . My apologies friends .
It was deeply irresponsible for gov Rick Scott to pretend Clinton's mate change is not happening .
I don't like this nigga but tf y'all expect him to say ? He don't know shit about the weather or wats gone happen he
Navy and Marine Corps pitching in for Irma relief Via 13News Now
Make Barbuda Beautiful Again Our sister island of Barbuda has been devastated by Hurricane Irma and is in ...
BuzzedBear Saying path of Irma is anywhere b t Azores & Texas
I googled " Hurricane Irma . " I get why USF are so concerned now . This was the first image .
hurricane cleanup was a team effort . a tree branch laying on power lines #guaynabo #puertorico #hurricaneirma2017
Photos Hurricane Irma tears through Caribbean
Prayers to all of those affected by Irma ! Texas stands with you ! #hurricaneirma #besafeyall
Haiti just can't catch a break they ain't even recover from Hurricane Mathew last year and now Irma gonna go Fk shit up even further
#CURVEGUNVIOLENCEPEACE Hurricane Irma Florida orders mass evacuations as deadly storm hits Caribbean latest news .
#Irma looks now to hit #Florida head on KEys and Miami evacuation
For the people staying in Miami who say they went through Andrew so they aren't leaving ... you cannot compare ...
Took a lot of scared callers during our phone bank . Happy to have helped calm some fears as we wait to see where
How about all of the people who CANNOT afford to rebuild their ONLY homes not vacation homes ? ? Shitty st
If this somehow comes and bites us in the ass I will get a rowboat row to the middle of the Atlantic revive Irma
Don't devote airtime to Americans stranded in the Caribbean during #HurricaneIrma . It's usually racist and always gross .
JUST IN With 120 mph wind Hurricane #Jose strengthens to Cat . 3 hurricane behind Hurricane #Irma in the Atlantic .
It is good to see dignified presidents speak .
Harvey and Irma Married 75 Years Marvel at the Storms Bearing Their Names Harvey and Irma Schluter are 104 and 9
Need water ? ! ? I just took an empty gallon jug to & they filled it w water for me for free !
During my time in #disasterresilience I never met anyone that doubted #climatechange . How many biggest storms will
This . Is . Amazing . All five living former Presidents coming together to support Hurricane #Harvey relief .
Lol this is great ! yell at her for her being white supremacist and for being in the KKK.bc Irma sou
Yes I am taking this storm very seriously . But I needed to laugh . #Wouldntthatbenice #Irma #HurricaneIrma
Irma girl . You need to stop trying to be an over achiever
Orlando Airport shutting down at 5pm Saturday ... ahead of #Irma
Great . Just great .
Harvey and Irma Married 75 Years Marvel at the Storms Bearing Their Names and found them
To all of our industry friends and dealing with hurricane Irma our thoughts and prayers are with you . Please keep us posted .
try to be safe during Hurricane Irma . I'm praying God keeps you three safe ! love you guys so much !
Hurricane Irma won't stop me from missing one of my dearest childhood friend's wedding ! So
Inching closer ! #Irma #GoogleEarthPro
Irma was forecasted by models to become Cat 5 but with 160 mph only one model which proved to be right predicte
Does the castle have shutters ?
Hurricane Hunter Aircraft just arriving into the eye of #Irma as it moves over Turks & Caicos . It's still a monster .
Irma got everybody nerves bad
I . Miss . All of you .
#Irma has published Situation Report No 2 Sep 7 2017 for #HurricaneIrma in the Caribbean #hmrd
Britain sends $ 15.7 million ship to assist Irma victims via
Strong wording from NHC as #Irma takes aim at S FL . Now is the time to begin finalizing hurricane preparations . Do
why are moms cleaning before irma como si fuera una visita
Harvey Irma and more The science behind the sudden end to the US hurricane ' drought '
Your reminder to pack .
. In times of crisis would be nice to filter to only see tweets that are X number of hours old . #Irma is coming . #OnlyTheLatestInfo
Treasure Coast beach cams positioned to watch Hurricane Irma come ashore here
I come here 2find out about Haiti people their safety during #Irma & aftermath not to see irrelevant
Hurricane Irma Special Needs Shelters pls RT #storm #have #How #hurricane #flood #question # e
Been a long time since I've actually looked forward to a Monday . Hopefully Irma will keep quiet just enough so I can nap through it .
Nope glued to the phone and tv #HurricaneIrma #Florida
Caution urged as #HurricaneIrma approaches #Florida
HURRICANE IRMA will eventually rain itself out in Tennessee looks like .
Kenny Chesneys Heartfelt Post on the Devastation of Hurricane Irma Everyones Displaced Frightened & Confused
This is a big deal Miami residents prepare for Hurricane #Irma
Why doesn't anyone just shoot Hurricane Irma down ? Where the military ? Yall can blow up sand diggers but yall cant shoot some hurricane .
#Irma go straight to the winter white house
Hurricane IRMA Current Data here
Key Messages on Hurricane Irma as of 5 00 PM EDT
Lularoe Irma XS Geometric Red Pattern Black Base A10 11 #LuLaRoe #Blouse via
wasn't Irma ..
good list for a bug out bag under any emergency conditions but I hope u have room to store all this stuff & can get
Irma is weakening continue to do that baby
everyone in irma stay safe don't mess with nature
Keep fighting Caroline ! Half of them don't even believe in #climatechange .
Travel Advisory Weve updated our travel policies for guests traveling near #HurricaneIrma region
Girding for Irma 2 Nuclear Reactors in Florida May Close Ahead of Hurricane Girding for Irma 2 Nuclear Reactors
Protect your data Backup to USB and to the Cloud You must start now ! #nptech #nonprofit
#Pray Be Safe ! Please periscope it for us !
They are adorable ! ! ! ...
what are your current hours for Florida and hurricane Irma ? Trying to call surrounding stores but no answer
Hurricane Irma Blasts Through Caribbean Leaving Destruction in Wake as Florida Braces for Landfall
Let's continue to pray for the Caribbean islands that got hit hard with Hurricane Irma ... continue to pray for ...
Pilots want to make it home to their families too . It's self preservation .
When you ask Quinton a question when he's playing video games you have to wait 3 5 business days for a reply.Could be more because of Irma .
I hope the guy in the purple is donating all that water to people in need and that it won't just be sitting in his
BRAVO ! We'll need another one QUICK for Irma and Jose .
Hurricane Watch to be issued later tonight for Brevard County
komonews RT ScottSKOMO ' Total destruction ' Hurricane Irma survivor describes chaos of historic storm
The latest The Master Eventi Daily ! Thanks to #irma #firenze
this some real mad max shit
Below is a statement from as we continue to monitor #HurricaneIrma . For up to date info visit
pretty much the only thing that made me smile today Hurricane Irma meets Hurricane Limbaugh in battle of ...
Good news hurricane Irma might be category 1 when it hits my state Bad news it could always change
President Trump approves governor's emergency declaration ahead of Hurricane Irma's arrival
#WOINZ Chch #stuffdebate #Irma #NZGDC17 #NZLvENG Christchurch Colmar Brunton Women of Influence Paula Benne 2
Man that sucks !
Barbuda declared uninhabitable following Hurricane Irma
For everyone that was wondering if Josh knew about #HurricaneIrma . Here is a tweet directly from his family . #BB19
What funding science gets you .
Hurricane #Irma threats as of 5PM EDT Thursday .
irma is coming for liberals live streem via
OH GOD HES HERE ! ! ! FREAK OUT TIME ! ! ! #IrmaGherd
Prayers for all the people impacted by hurricane Harvey Irma and hurricane Jose Such tragic times ... but remember God is in control
Stop looking at yourself in the mirror oh " queen of crap " and catch up . The hurricane is named Irma .
Great info on #Manatee shelters opening Friday . TY #HurricaineIrma2017 #safety
So many smart people on this app
It is just devastating . Praying tonight . So so sad .
prepares to take evacuees from Chatham Co ahead of #HurricaneIrma
Drop you in the middle of #Irma give u something to really worry about
#IrmaHurricane2017 Forecast to Hit Two Nuclear Power Plants in Florida
Irma shifted
Scary
by the time Irma hits here in Myrtle Beach I probably won't be able to watch next episode because I won't have power
That's $ 1 with a T ; not a B !
My family in #Miami is firmly in the mandatory evacuation zone ; the turnpike & I95 are at a standstill . No one can get out . #HurricaneIrma
Richard Branson holes up in wine cellar as Hurricane Irma batters his home
Also relevant dropping to 893 millibars as it approaches Florida ? THAT IS INSANE . I think 905 is the lowest I've
Author top stories Airline seats out of Florida before Hurricane Irma hits the state are running out .
Hey ! was promising sunny days and open arms ! ! ! Wait what ? ? He can't change the laws on his own and h
If this image is legit always a consideration these days it's a real wake up call . As if we needed one .
for all the minutiae trust CWG . Still looks real bad but ive got 16hrs of hoping left
Please take Ur furry friends Pets w U their scared 2
Yes . We will definitely need a positive favor filled answer and prayers with this coming storm . #HurricaneIrma #SoFla
We know that you probably have some questions regarding Hurricane Irma . Here is a great map to help track the ...
Will FL look like this ? Harvey and Irma 6 ' above sea level is average elevation in FL w Orlando at 82 ' compared
Walt Disney World Closures for Hurricane Irma
Fort Lauderdale News Search Reviews Doctor On Demand Covering Costs For Anyone Affected by Irma Fort ...
Is this only got Harvey ? Or Irma too ?
Listening to wind outside my thoughts & prayers are with those who have lost their homes and loved ones in devastation of #HurricaneIrma
A Man Just Pulled A Gun At A Miami Gas Station During Hurricane Irma Panic
Hurricanes Harvey & Irma What We Know and What to Expect
We never evacuated . We're sitting in this stupid house and I just got told Irma shifted towards us . ugh .
YT They just so happen to decide to go live when I was going through Irma
Anguilla Hurricane Irma Situation Report 2 September 7 2017 #humanitarian #newzealand #auckland
Inspires a Travel Search Where to Evacuate
I'll answer for Keith here since I'm waiting for my falafel platter to be cooked as I also
nah irma won't pull up on my doorstep get her ass whooped
Delta Air Lines Price Gouges Hurricane Irma Evacuees Plane Ticket 600 %
Hope you are not anywhere near Irma ! ! But it's a lovely view .
RT LindaDono Hurricane Irma could create one of the largest mass evacuations in U . S . history
Se ve claro ... Looks clear ... #Irma #Jos #Katia
USF vs . UConn will not be played Saturday as scheduled due to Hurricane Irma
Countries rush to aid islands devastated by Hurricane Irma
Where is Irma now and where is it going ? The Boston Globe
Fak Irma you whore I'm retweeting chain mail on behalf of my safety
Hurricane #Irma Via #Haiti storm heads for Miami Dade Florida's most populous county latest news
Mind you both are cat 5 ' s
World famous airport ravaged by Hurricane Irma Atlanta Journal Constitution
Bro wtf
lanlord When Irma does that Ima get the fuck up on my 2 feet and laugh at this bitch and keep living my fucki
Prayers for those affected by Irma
You are putting children risk . Parents may not take their children to shelter
Turks & Caicos including Cockburn Town getting #irma's front right quadrant winds much higher storm surge than Ba
2245 UTC Satellite View of Hurricane Irma
Why SWA always kick ass and takes names and then provides top notch customer service
CNN Conditions in the Turks and Caicos deteriorated Thursday as deadly and massive Hurricane Irma moved in on t ...
So children are now going to get caught because FLA governor refuses to embrace mass transit ! #GlobalWarmingIsReal
Dollar Tumbles as Yen Euro Rally on Irma ECB Markets Wrap via
I liked a video 2 MINUTE STORM WATCH IRMA'S AFTERMATH
All y'all Floridians pls take caution and be safe ! #irma
$ 180B Harvey $ ? ? ? B Irma
Hurricane Irma Florida officials issue evacuation orders Business Insider
Omg omg guys .. I think I may get to a little plywood ! ! ! Did you hear that ? #pray that it goes th
Brain dead ignorant cow !
if irma blows me away you bet your behind i'll be up in the air holding my laptop trying to finish er
#SoggyDollar post Irma . The swinging ring hook game is gone but the little shack can be rebuilt fast f
Whoa the irony
POTUS #Trumps
Another thought If you share pics of Irma or any other subject from Sunday to Tuesday turn off your location ...
The latest MYEVENT ! Thanks to Veronesi #irma #jnj
I was so proud of this morning . How He showed love and concern for Florida residents and their safety from Hurricane Irma . 1 2
Traffic nightmares Map shows people trying to get out of Florida before Irma hits
#RT #ReTweet #News #irma #AI #USA #Trump #America # 1 #It " ain't no thang . " #Photo IDs are re
RT " Braves offering free tickets to Florida residents displaced by Hurricane Irma "
Leave it up to to slip in a " Info Wars is fake news " segment in their article .
Fuck Irma I'm strapped
Hey sack of shit once Irma passes and destroys Mar a Lago perhaps we can have some real talk about climate change .
Y'all realize that #JoseHurricane is coming up on #Irma2017 #HurricaneIrma doggy style ... #Caribbean #BVI #climatechange
Misfit
Florida is fucked because Irma is going over Lake Okeechobee
Thanks Bill ! An actual President that knows how to unite people . #POTUSTrump
Bring the grandparents and the entire state of Florida ! But leave Irma behind she's NOT nice !
Getting ready for Hurricane Irma to head our way ! #prayforflorida
What's good irma ?
I guess there isn't as much money to be made on hurricanes ... #ClimateChange #HurricaneIrma
Was supposed to fly to Disney World in Orlando Florida on Friday but the Airline let us reschedule . #HurricaneIrma
Hey Stuffers ! As we all get prepared to handle hurricane Irma we will be closed till Tuesday September 12th ...
Ayy ! ! Y estaba tronando con relmpagos .
Great for JetBlue . Not so Publx Supermarket open Saturday noon IRMA will be on top .
Have you heard ? Hurricanes Harvey and Irma are actually hoaxes
LOL " shutting down " .
WIregrass Irma Response The Dale County Ag Plex Arena will be opening as a shelter for evacuees with horses . Call 774 2214 for more info .
THE EARTH OFF A BEAN
Irma go to Martha's Vineyard . You could get 20 to 1 on assholes there compared to anywhere in Florida . A good deal !
Waiting for Irma with Tollot Beaut
Lord please watch over my family in Florida please keep them safe as Irma passes .
Not saying the world should completely stop but this country has the resources to help those ppl . I wish I had them billions #HurricaneIrma
#HurricaneIrma is now bigger than the State of Texas . PLEASE KEEP FLORIDA IN YOUR PRAYERS #PrayForFlorida
Bruh how hard is Irma really gonna hit us ?
Ladies if your baby daddy didn't have nowhere to go cuz of the hurricane you letting him stay wit you ? #HurricaneIrma
I'm confident in saying that if Irma flattens Mar a Lago it won't be a random coincidence .
I need to know how Rihanna family is with Irma headed that way
You should not be a pet owner if you would leave your fur baby behind ! ! ! TAKE YOUR BABIES ! ! !
#CityofAtlanta stop allowing over population . #Stop cutting #HurricaneIrma is a warning ! #TheModernDayMoses
When Obama speaks I get all giddy whatever
So inspiring ! Harvey and Irma Married 75 Years Marvel at the Storms Bearing Their Names
look at these
How we prepare for hurricanes on the Space Coast . #Irma2017 #hurricaneirma2017 #IrmaHurricane #florida #SpaceCoast
Our #Wynwood office is closed due to #hurricaneirma2017 Hoping for the best . Please stay safe !
When the plug comes thru with that gas pack
Y'all watch out for #Irma that bitch ain't playin around .
alright everyone i'm gonna charge a spirit bomb and destroy #HurricaneIrma give me your energy
Believe it or not Dennis I actually looked in Google Images a few days ago for " Harvey and Irma " and saw them ! ! How cool !
Dear CCA Members and Friends As we prepare for the impact of Hurricane Irma our prayers and thoughts are for ...
Never understood why they give hurricanes soft names like Irma . Name that shit Hurricane Death or Megatron 300 ...
These pictures are so beautiful and Irma is absolutely MASSIVE
Stocked up with enough liquor to kill a full grown goat . #irma
Thank you for asking My wife and I are all good . We're in Curaao and safe . The island we're staying isn '
Go to Maimi and wait for Irma . Harvey did not had a chance to drawn you .
They are so #American put the #TrumpTrain together we will over come and be stronger ! ! #TogetherStronger #MAGA
#HurricaneIrma's Track Shifts West Taking Direct Aim at Florida
D Trump Actually I'd argue even MORE now ! We stopped Trump care we're helping Harvey victim
Don't forget if you live near waltdisneyworld you can #stockup on #hurricaneirma essentials I
We need you to leave Residents urged to evacuate as Hurricane Irma threat looms
of Police Stay safe we get to meet Irma after you
Mandatory evacuation zones A and B in Broward County . Of you're east of Federal Highway leave now . #IrmaHurricane
All 5 living former presidents have come together to help Texas
Because it only matters when celebrities might lose one of their houses ...
You're so amazing for helping your friends and family through Irma . I'd love to see how I can help
Really local news ? ! ? ! What county in Florida is NOT in a state of emergency ? ! ? ! Have you seen the size of #HurricaneIrma ? ! ? ! GTFO ! ! !
Traffic nightmares as people flee Florida before Irma hits
Dumbfounded these idiots think they know more than meteorologists scientists and to take it so far as
proposed budget that cuts funds on FEMA
I think we all owe you a beer once Irma passes . I'm in TLH . How about Fire Betty's !
200 $ card hold plus charging 300 $ for 4 days on a suv ? #greedyaf during #hurricaneirma2017
this escalated so quickly lmao what the
Irma maybe heading to Atlanta area now .
Looks like the on military and hypoluxo has gas #hurricaneirma
Irma chugs west ; Florida's threat increasing
Well that's terrifying .
y'all really using Irma as an excuse to post bikini pics hahaha
Hey this is highway robbery . Im trying to get my little sister out of Tampa before #HurricaneIrma . I get
What's the likelihood that Irma destroys Mar A Lago ? Just out of curiosity
Extremely dangerous Hurricane #Irma near Turks & Caicos heading for Bahamas . Max sustained winds 175mph . Hurricane
Florida seniors nursing homes brace for Irma
Why haven't the FLA cops opened the southbound lanes of 95 ? to northbound IRMA traffic ? Would evac autos at far over 100 % of present rate ...
Hurricane Irma 2017 Georgia Evacuation Map Zones & Shelters
USF UConn Football Game Postponed Due to Hurricane Irma
give Texas and all those who suffer in hurricane Irma the billions u want to spend on your stupid wall .
Starting Friday cstclair 1 & StormhunterTWN continue our #HurricaneIrma coverage from Florida . Are you being impa
The #latest on #Irma #Thursday evening via the #WashingtonPost .
How about FEMA sells it's military hardware to citizens so the People can better defend against government and to raise money for Irma .
Antigua and Barbuda Update from Priti Patel on the UK's response to Hurricane Irma
Irma is going to catheterize the Florida phallus .
whoa if true
Google Maps will mark road closures in real time in Florida ahead of Hurricane Irma The Verge
Hurricane Irma is pointed directly at Miami and the size of Texas . Incredible .
Hurricane Irma Tips to get your pool ready for the storm
The latest The Christian Community Register ! Thanks to #hurricaneirma
#TrackingIrma Powerful Irma chugs westward ; Florida's threat increasing YOUR GULF COAST
If you can help these folks out please do
lit We bought a water slide for Irma yee ! ! !
#HurricaneIrma How #GreenvilleCounty is preparing via
Just remember after Irma nothing should get to you like a hater anxiety depression like bitch u survived Irma you live af #MindsRacing
How did Trumps mansion fare ? Climate is saying " Warming is a Chinese hoax ? Hold my beer "
An umi aginable horror ... #HurricaneJose takes aim at the #CarribeanIslands
I'd pay $ 23.46 to have any one of these men back in the Oval Office . Even W .
My dad bought a huge tub of cheese balls and I promise it's going to be gone before Irma gets here
Viral Facebook Post Claims Trump Created Hurricane Irma to Kill Blacks and Hispanics
Words of wisdom from on " right now there's no such thing as a good mobile home " #HurricaneIrma
ApocaLyptic HURRICANE IRMA ISLANDS Destroyed ; Deaths ; PROPHECIES ; NUCLE ... via
CNN also blaming Trump for Irma
despite the chaos you must stop and appreciate the little things . #irma #hurricaneirma
when u have to evacuate bc of hurrican irma but ur dad has to stay behind bc of work & ur bro leaves him lil surviv
Here's the article that goes with the last video via
Irma will be more like a 3 by the time it reach us
#Patriots Equifax #NationalBeerLoversDay #StopBetsy Gingrich or Santorum #IrmaNC #EIJ17 Harvey and Irma #RNA2017 9t
People open their doors to #Hurricane Irma evacuees
This woman is out of her mind ...
Florida governor urges people in Irma's path to ge ...
I just hope Irma don't fuck up my car like please chill
If they do I know a few politicians that would better serve inside hurricane Irma . #notmyadministration
Be Prepared . Stay safe . # #hurricaneirma #ellimansfl #miami #fortlauderdale #westpalmbeach
All my samurai brethren plz pray for us Bahamians Irma is no joke
Memories of Irma . One crab one great County employee at a time . Thank you Desiderio Valdez for
New Longines Conquest Quartz Chronograph Men's Watch L3 . 700.4 . 56.6 #irma
I just wanna talk to Irma
Fayetteville officials urge public to prepare for Irma #insurance
Prayers For My Family In Florida
I see myself popping Xanax like candy . I know we all say we are due for one but not like this . #HurricaneIrma
Delta flight beats Hurricane Irma by
Such a great photo ! ! !
Hurricane Irma takes aim at Trump's Mar a Lago social media goes wild NOPE IT'S GOING TO KILL ONLY DEMOCRATS !
North Carolina followers Friend is trying to escape Florida before Irma hits . Does anyone know of a safe place for 2 people and a good dog ?
Positive thoughts to everyone in the path of #HurricaneIrma .
He's supposed to curve before hitting any land . Let's hope he stays on that track . We're looking at
Wow and Andrew wasn't no hoe
Despite similar intensity to #HurricaneAndrew 1992 #Irma has 5X more storm surge forcing #RMSonIrma
Ready for the hurricane . Going be out west . Hoping my friends and family will be safe . #dangerousginger #gingertraveldiary #HurricaneIrma
Hurricane Irma UK increases relief fund to 32m The prime minister has defended the government .. #breakingnews
Marco Rubio on talking Hurricane Irma
Now I believe the world can come to an end eventually with natural disasters like this Keep safe #HurricaneIrma
In light of Hurricane Irma our offices will be closed Friday September 7 until further notice . We hope that ...
Hey guys ! Anyone in need of some help board shutter up I'm planning to be available between 8am and 2pm . Inbox me ! #HurricaneIrma
Infidel If you think Irma is a storm ? Wait until you see the damage from turning your bac
people at #Disney is everyone riding out #Irma at Animal Kingdom lodge or is that only a coincidence I keep reading stuff about it ?
the #Verified #Awesome #Celebrity #ROCK daily by is out ! #itmovie #irma
And that is fine . But aid dollars shouldn't be held hostage . These
Ok lets forget about Irma for 3 hours and enjoy Kickoff Night ! ! !
#HurricaneIrma #Irma #VirginIslands #hurricaneirma2017 This from yesterday in the British Virgin Islands
After Andrew I remember all the news had images of when Andrew was right over Florida and it looked enormous . Irma is bigger & stronger
Breaks my heart to say so but unless the world seriously tackles #GlobalWarming & #climatechange nature will cont
I know at least five white Schaumburg kids that will get triggered by this tweet .
Irma where are you headed girl ! ? !
NHC BULLETIN Hurricane #Irma Advisory 35 NWS National Hurricane Center Miami FL AL112017 500 PM EDT Thu Sep 07 2017
Thanks hurricane Irma for bringing to me for a weekend
In #ShoreAcres ? #SouthTampa ? #MarinerCove ? Anywhere with bridge connecting to land #TampaBay ? When #Irma gets north you will be flooded ! Go !
I'd put the odds that they are " lost " in Hurricane Irma at about 98 % .
Emotionally unable to deal w a hurricane evac w 2 cats 11 months after the last time I did it . Going to need some cooperation from #irma
#STMARTIN A mansion owned by President Trump on the Caribbean island of St . Martin is reported to have been torn apart by Hurricane #Irma .
With Hurricane Irma on approach creating a plan for preparedness is more important than ever . Stay updated with ...
Hurricane Ivanka is gonna rip her father's mansions down
This is the least relevant tweet of 2017 imho
But like who do you know here ?
Harvey and Irma blowing down a tree . H . U . R . R . I . C . A . N . E . #ClimateChangeIsReal #GlobalWarming #HurricaneHarvey
Irma bout to fuck shit up dawg this is wild
If Irma had hit FL b4 #Harvey hit #Houston left would have said only wanted to help FL because of Mar a Lago .
#hurricaneirma there should not have to be any damn videos of pets having to be rescued . THEY ARE FAMILY TOO ! ! !
Wow look actually presidents acting like presidents unlike trump
Arizona task force on the road to provide help after Irma CLICK BELOW FOR FULL STORY ...
Finally going to bed after a long day in the gallery . Tune in tomorrow when we'll be doing it all over again with #Irma and #Brexit
. says on tonight that lines at Miami Int'l Airport are stretching for city blocks as peo
hey ! We can chat all we want now !
Jose following Irma . Oh come on !
Irma Is a Nuclear Hurricane Warns Florida Mayor
Most #viral News Now Florida governor urges people in Irmas path to get out We cant save you
Its not going to hit us
Here's Hurricane Irma compared to Hurricane Andrew
Irma Hurricane is currently on track to hit FL . Miami Beach Mayor get out of city now . American tourist Niki Paris stuck in Turks & Caicos
Island of Barbuda wiped out by hurriciane Irma PHOTOS
Thanks to I'm prepared for #hurricaneirma with Rain Gear ! Everybody that could be affected please take
You better pray Tropical Storm Jose don't come there too it's right behind Hurricane Irma .
This is fine . Everything's fine .
How Floridians are bracing for Irma's impact
Fuck Irma . I haven't had a fucking vacation in like six years and a hurricane is gunna keep me from having one .
What a sky view tonight from . Calm before the storm #hurricaneirma #savifam #soccerontheranch
Fly The Terrifying Skies Before Irma Arrives pls RT #Newark #OrlandoInternationalAirport #dome
Irma v . South Florida
Beware of fake Hurricane Irma videos and rumors circulating online
NXT Live Events Postponed Due To Hurricane Irma Sneak Peek At Sting & Undertaker Network Collections Video
Stop trying to spin tragedy ! People lost loved ones G'Dammit
swimming in hurricane irma
There are actually three hurricanes right now ; Katia Irma and Jose . It has been several years since three Atlantic
So if #irma is Cat 3 or 4 how come in your recent graphic U never showed sustained winds ANYWHERE of even 100mph ? ? ?
is ok . Irma gone close it for em
This thing is a monster ! ! ! Part of me wants to go down and see the force . Hard to comprehend that kind of power
Airline seats disappearing as Hurricane Irma approaches Florida #uk #london
I'm pretty sure the Russians have something to do with Irma & the Canes cancelling the game a speci
President Trump hurricanes Harvey and Irma are sending you a message
Delta cancels 260 S . Fla flights beginning Friday as hurricaneirma irmahurricane approaches DeltaNewsHub
Florida cancels football game against Northern Colorado due to Hurricane Irma
This is amazing !
I certainly hope #Irma wipes your sorry ass off the face of this planet !
Hurricane Irma how the storm got so big intense and scary
Well that's comforting ... will it be a Fukushima ?
Hurricane Irma UK territory declares state of emergency #BBCNews #BBC #News
Support Sorry I should have asked if you can tell me when they are stopping device due to Hurricane Irma .
Totenstille in #Cuba warten auf #Irma
Dear On tv you tell us to #evacuate for #HurricaneIrma . My husband has several #healthissues & is under care from #Mayoclinic
Hurricane Irma 10 dead in Caribbean as Florida and Cuba begin evacuations SBS News
Good luck . Understand completely . #HurricaneIrma expected on Sunday here around 8 A . M . Focus on survival
Hope you're staying safe from Irma !
Once there was an island known as Barbuda . After Hurricane Irma much of it is gone LA Times
Its obvious why trump has issues w the media they can communicate in complete & intelligent stmts & he can't
Between the Harvey and Irma coverage stories photos I'm a goddamn leaky faucet . I cry a minimum of 20 time a day .
Praying for my family in Florida getting hit by Hurricane Irma .
sending money to family trying to evacuate Irma . Please don't delay things .
gave in to some Swiss cake rolls but they expire so soon ! #HurricaneIrma comfort food .
My house is right under the dot for 2PM Sunday .
My mom lives in Ft . Lauderdale & this is how she's preparing for Irma ...
Money R actual Irma > Tigrex
Thank you NYC first responders headed to Fla ! #heroes
my 3 year old sister speaks more coherently
Astoria girl hurricane Jose Harvey and Irma WHAT CLIMATE CHANGE ? Donald Trump .
Haiti has already been devastated by natural disasters . Now it's bracing for Irma .
NC Woman Rides Out Hurricane Irma in Dominican Republic
RIP THE ONION YOUR EXISTENCE IS NO LONGER REQUIRED
How about a size comparison of Hugo and Irma ?
It's weird prepping for a major hurricane . Like something is chasing you but you can't see it . #HurricaneIrma #orlando
2 Minute Storm Watch Irma's Aftermath pls RT
Real Presidents have vocabulary .
US stocks flat as #Hurricane Irma approaches
FLORIDIANS welcome to Georgia and the ATL . Avoid rush hour . It's a beast . #HurricaneIrma #IrmaHurricane
Ppl re tweet . #hurricaneIrma open Marlin's stadium 4 shelter Taxpayers paid 4 it let us use it ! Re tweet often !
CNN 4 46pm FLORIDA BRACES FOR HURRICANE IRMA AFTER DEVASTATION IN CARIBBEAN KILLER STORM HEADED FOR MIAMI ; CATEGORY 3 JOSE TRAILING ...
Looks like Irma hitting the Braves early via Marlines
Makes ya feel and warm and fuzzy don't it .
Okay . Honestly I am struggling with this one .
Things are starting to look like the Day After Tomorrow movie . #Irma #Jose #Katia
Pretty sure #HurricaineIrma is a Latina and she's pissed .
President Trumps and Richard Bransons Caribbean homes destroyed by Hurricane Irma
So she sending help ? Or just thoughts and prayers ?
As citizens of the United States and around the world it's time to help out the victims in Hurricane Irma and Harvey . Prayers for Texans BN
I am at a complete and utter loss for words looking at Irma's appearance on satellite imagery .
Irma has moved off the island
Hurricane Irma A Q & A on evacuations in Miami Dade . Read more #news
IRMA is 400 miles wide bigger than Ohio ! That's one powerful storm . 175 mph winds . Irma will hit south Florida w
#Hurricane scientists have never seen an image like this before 3 hurricanes lined up to strike ! #Irma #Jose #Katia
We don't want #oneeyedirma in South Carolina . #HurricaneIrma
This graphic is wrong . Hurricane Irma will not be a CAT 4 storm in North Florida and Georgia .
Hurricane Irma How dangerous is the devastating storm ? BBC News
Hurricane Irma is entering the Turks islands . A West Michigan man has a house with a weather station . 102 mph wind gust ! #wmiwx
Irma & Igor . Jose & Julia . Katia & Karl . We are officially living in the matrix .
Our hearts are with all prepping for Hurricane Irma . The main priority is that you stay safe !
#Irma please don't let Trump come to Fl after storm .. for a so called ' Comfort in Chief bull shit .
The trick is to keep your pressure above the 900 mb limit
There's #HurricaneIrma coming but to keep my sanity I bake and for a great cause ! Strawberry Rhubarb
Hurricane Irma get out of our swamp sincerely Florida
My prayers are with everyone in the path of Irma ; God bless all !
Puerto Rico's money woes ' dire ' after Hurricane Irma as Jose lurks ABC News va
do a surviving natural distaster thread . inspired by hurricane Irma
Airlines scramble to evacuate residents ahead of Hurricane Irma #Analyst
As Hurricane Irma barrels toward south Florida with 175 mile per hour winds several counties have issued ...
Lol man they playing with that damn Harp weather warfare they ain't going fema camp me fuckem no Martial law
This shit cute
Hurricane Irma UK territory declares state of emergency BBC News
man irma is scaring the life outta me and i dont even live nowhere near its path . alhmdulilah
Do you think #mothernature is trying to convince #thefakepotus that #globalwarming exists ? ? ? #irma #jose #harvey
Parts of Florida are running out of gas as Hurricane Irma approaches
#Florida once #Irma has passed please lean on to get with the program & #ActOnClimate . Maybe NOW he'l
Remember how devastating Andrew was ? By nearly every measure #Irma's impact on Florida is likely to be far worse .
Stay safe all my FL family ! #Irma
I went clothes shopping right before this hurricane so that Irma knows I'M the baddest bitch
Barbuda is about to be hit by Jose which is up to a category 3 hurricane pray for them Irma already destroyed the whole island
I will pray for them vs
UK needs an Irma Storm right up its Tory Butt Whinging Wimps don't know when they are well off ! They create their own Shit
Dang Barbuda got wiped off the map by Hurricane Irma . It's uninhabitable . Prayers to the people on the island . #IrmaIsABitch
So glad to hear from my Dad after seeing all the destruction Irma has caused already
Hurricane Irma Churning Through Caribbean Hits Turks and Caicos #TurksandCaicos
irma what the heck
news welch
Hurricane Andrew was a monster ; Irma is likely to blow that out of the water ; How Irma may be far more destructive .
I liked a video WE'RE NOT EVACUATING ... HURRICANE IRMA IS COMING SOON
This was me and when publix brought that water out
Also my family in Trinidad including my mom are okay . Irma missed them . Thanks for the concern to those who knew ; ;
Florida is bracing for a direct hit from Hurricane Irma . This shows the category 5 hurricanes path . The Flo
HURRICANE IRMA GEORGIA Gov . Deal adds 24 more counties to State of Emergency ahead of Hurricane Irma
Mandatory evacuations have now been issued for my area but we are trapped . There is no fuel no water and no way out . #irma #irmahurricane
Richard Branson son promote relief effort for Caribbean following Hurricane Irma ABC News
They are taking down the RTU AOV stage right now and getting the area ready for #HurricaneIrma
I have already prayed and will continue to pray to God for mercy for all who are in Irma's path including this one .
Hurricane Irma victims need your help Praying and giving ...
ATTN Floridians & anyone in the path of Irma here's some great advice ...
Hurricane Irma Already Blamed For Three Deaths !
Tankers from Florida evacuated to Kansas ahead of Irma
All of them filled to the brim #Orlando #Florida #HurricaneIrma #stormprep #gasshortage #Subaru
Little voted against Sandy relief Let's see what he demands for #Irma
Miami under hurricane watch as ferocious Hurricane Irma bears down after killing 13 in Caribbean
Oh ... Even better . Over my house . Thanks #HurricaneIrma I'll just be over here ... Wanting to stress eat my hurrican
If you're in the path of #Irma evacuate with pets to solid concrete building on high ground constru
we are starting to talk tropical storms in East Tennessee this is not a fun timeline
This could be the death blow for Barbuda please get everyone OUT NOW !
evacuation zones florida Evacuation orders for Central Florida counties Hurricane Irma qua
If you have family friends in South FL have them read this thread from a NHC forecaster . Godspeed Eric & thank you
Hurricane #Irma Intermediate ADVISORY 35A issued . Irma pummeling the turks and caicos islands .
' Panic buying ' sparks gas shortages in Florida and it's likely to get worse
did you even check with your meteorologists before publishing that story ? Click bait . No risk for Irma flooding D . C . Period .
Shit is about to get real here in Florida . #hurricaneirma2017
El pana Pio
Hurricane Irma likely to be far worse than monster Andrew
RT TABR 31792 " RT MSNRealEstate " Irma could test strength of Florida's strict building codes
Three pet friendly shelters will open tomorrow at noon . #irma
That Delta Plane Flying Straight Through Hurricane Irma Was NBD via
You've been amazing and so helpful . Are the old wooden FPL poles in Pinecrest able to withstand Irma ?
5 bags of grabba 2 big bottles 2 o's ... water and shit oh we good for this bitch Irma .
Hurricane Irma leaves more than 1 million without power in Puerto Rico via
irma moved more west
I'm gonna pretend I'm just cropped out of this .
06 54 PM #Irma NHC Bulletin IRMA PUMMELING THE TURKS AND CAICOS ISLANDS
Jose is so thirsty chasing after Irma and Katia
Irma prediction update is unreal what a fucking turn
Mane #Irma is the size of #TX
Everyone in this path I'll be praying for you
Many questions today in SC about presupplying dialysis patients with K binders that m
Thousands of cruise ship passengers dropped off in Miami ahead of Hurricane Irma Los Angeles Times
The clearest thing I've seen so far to put #irma into perspective
Irma soundtrack
Everything of value off the ground . Here in Port Charlotte Florida #HurricaneIrma
Few things . 1 . There is no such thing as a Cat 6 hurricane . 2 . Irma is the longest living Cat 5 on record . 3 . It may be worse than Andrew .
U doing an event like wa dem do for Dominica ?
Be safe ! Wishing you & everyone in #Irma ' s path well !
Siskind Amy I am trying hard to not get distracted by this guy while I am preparing for Irma . sigh
21 Photos That Show Just How Bad Hurricane Irma Really Is via
Current shot of Irma and storms being in South Florida
Hurricane Irma Has Killed at Least 10 in the Caribbean While Florida Braces for Potentially
Irma sparks traffic nightmare in Florida as 500 000 people told to flee
Devastated to think of so much beauty destroyed and fear for the lives of those in this paradise . #turksand Caicos #irma
Frightening ... a good page to watch Irma's and Jose's trek .
The latest The lynch barzane Daily ! Thanks to #hurricaneirma #irma
Amazing ! What happened to the ground crew at San Juan who got the plane ready to leave ?
Hurricane #irma Party in Lowndes Hall Tonight Room 1121 starts at 12 be there or be square ! #VState21
When I worked there we ain't never get sent home
Esta en nuestro pais yaaa #Irma
price gouging hurricane victims .
Video Man Pulls Gun at Miami Gas Station During Hurricane Irma Rush via
God please protect us
Irma ? Not letting you ruin opening night . #letsgo #patsnation #nfl
Wishing residents of Naples safety through the storm #HurricaneIrma
Just got back from vacation last night celebrating my wedding anniversary . Ruined but it's all good & we are SAFE
Hurricane season ends 11 1 17 . We are just entering peak season . This is problematic .
All #FLFTC live kick offs canceled due to Hurricane Irma . Visit for info & watch kickoff at
Note If this account goes inactive after Sept 8th the writer lives in South FL & Irma may have caused internet and cell tower damage .
My view today ! #onmywalktoday #nowater #empty #thursday #september #hurricaneirma
Hurricane Irma FDOT Urges Evacuees To Use Real Time Apps
Hurricane Irma Pinellas County Residents Debate Whether To Stay Or Go
FOXNEWS 5 00pm CAT 5 IRMA TEARS THROUGH CARlBBEAN HEADS FOR FLORIDA HARVEY & IRMA SCHLUTER CELEBRATE 75TH ANNIVERSARY . . m the ...
Hurricane Irma Could Be Storm Florida Has Feared Will Destroy Miami It All Depends on Its Path Miami Near Panic
Hurricane Irma is something I'm slightly afraid of .
About 90 % of my family is in the path of Hurricane Irma and I'm terrified they can't evacuate but sure pitch me t
YOU ARE THE ENEMY OF OUR NATION AND OUR FREEDOM #45 . MAY IRMA DESTROY EVERY BRICK OF EVERY PROPERTY YOU OWN IN FLORIDA
But global warming is a myth .
IRMA Update on classes and closing
#WorldWeather Delta Airlines plane flies straight into Hurricane Irma and out again The
EYE see what you did there
Here are some links to help you keep track of Irma
I USED to love United but highly saddened and disappointed in how you price gouged . Where is your humanity ? ? #hurricaneirma
8 000 And Counting Petitioning To Rename Irma As ' Hurricane Ivanka '
Hurricane Irma devastates Puerto Rico 70 percent without electricity
Irma may bring several feet of water ashore forecasters say but not like Harvey
IRMA Targets Miami Two Nuke Plants Shutdown Traffic Gridlock #awesometube
It going to be suck a great weekend . # f cktherain #HurricaneIrma
So Harvey broke things off w Irma breaking her heart . So she decides to chase after him . However Jose wants to ...
Hurricane Irma Category 5 storm heading straight for Trump's $ 28m mansion on Caribbean island of St Martin
Irma coming for me right now so if I die know you the man
Praying for everyone who is in the path of Hurricane Irma ... my family and I plan on staying in
For the Presidential message on #Harvey you won't see coming from this WH
Overlying theme of #Irma " Things could always change "
BBC News Hurricane Irma UK territory declares state of emergency
#irma Is Far from finished . #Caribbean #Florida Help in anyway you can . #hurricaneirma2017 #IrmaHurricane
While Hurricaine Irma barrels her way this Tampa woman angrily & tearfully melts down over removal of a Confedera
I just wanna get drunk at Flanny's one last time before Irma fucks us
i wont be on bc irma but ilysm & thank u 4 being u i love irl ill be back keep me in ur prayers h
Additional cruise from canceled due to #HurricaneIrma
#LEIvCBL Irish Water #GT5K Dundalk #JLRTechFest #Jose #liveline #Irma
if anyone will be moved by irma to Pinellas Pasco Hillsborough let me know what u need & where u are I MAY be able to help food water warmth
I'm finding it so difficult to imagine that hurricane Irma is actually the size of France
Poor When I got nailed by Wilma HAVE INS . needed help from FEM
You should stick with being a fictional space man ... your political takes suck .
Me when i try and speak in another language to a native speaker of said language and they hit me w that hurricane I
Christ ... too early to tell but they say #HurricaneJose could take the same path as #HurricaneIrma
For all those in the path of Hurricane Irma make sure to take necessary precautions as safety is a top priority .
#IrmaHurricane2017 I am gonna be RIGHT in Irma's path ... I won't be online on my YT or twitter or really anything Cuz ... survival !
You should seriously consider killing yourself you disgusting piece of shit .
Irma the leviathan hurricane .
Meant to say SMDDDD
Watching all five living former presidents come together is fuel for the soul . #OneAmericaAppeal #HarveyRelief
MESSAGE FROM KENNY HURRICANE IRMA Kenny Chesney
Thought about adding a snarky comment but I think the quote speaks for itself ...
9 5 4 SoFlo till I die ! FUCK a bitch named IRMA
Irma's path has like completely changed wtf
Vanessa Daryl Savannah & Harrison just had their entire world wiped out by Hurricane Irma .
I'm Tryna Fuck HURRICANE IRMA
This nincompoop really attended the Derek Zoolander Center For Children Who Can't Read Good And Wanna Learn To Do O
Hurricane Irma bears down on Turks and Caicos islands BBC News see more
I liked a video OUR HOME IS NOW IN THE DIRECT PATH OF IRMA ! WE ARE COMPLETELY HEART BROKEN AT THIS
Some Miami residents stay put and brace for Hurricane Irma including many who lack the money to flee CLICK BELOW FOR FULL STORY ... ...
RT seanhannity " Tonight on #Hannity I have updates on Hurricane Irma from FLGovScott & BigJoeBastardi plus newtgingrich IngrahamAngle and
#NBA Wire Hurricane Irma Multiple college football games canceled or PPD for Week 2
#MLB Wire Marlins ' thoughts are with Florida as Irma looms
How does always manage to sound like 5 yr old giving a report on a book he didn't read about even
has anyone ever wanted to say something about me ? ? nows the time because it might be the last time because of irma
MONEY Hurricane Irma devastated Richard Bransons private island but hes safe
Nah that's the devil letting demons outta hell
NOOOOO
oh no not my city
Wow . Stay safe and be smart everyone .
Y'all Irma curves and coming straight for tally
We have family and friends near these fires as well as hurricane Irma . So much devasta
#NaturalDisastersNews Keep your family safe during Hurricane Irma and other natural disasters
Marlins ' thoughts are with Florida as Irma looms
They're hoping they get blown away by Irma ! !
Irma is heading towards Florida and Grandmom couldn't be less concerned ...
Whatever plans you make for yourself remember to include your pets . More on animal care during #HurricaneIrma
so Irma really just gonna fuck us up like this ? ?
Ex Presidents standing together . Classy . I miss it .
goodgirl It's actually not . Irma is larger than the entire state of Florida . I just had a shot of te
All the presidents of America . God bless you . #UnitedWeStand
There is a big storm coming . I hope my house is okay . my 3 year old niece after evacuating for #Irma
Britain sends 12m ship to assist Irma victims
Dude #hurricaneirma2017 is a literal leviathan .
Finally some good news . Thank you georginabloomberg for saving 27 dogs from Hurricane Irma this
Irma is a real fck up hurricane that shit ain't trying to weaken for nothing
#SouthCarolina #Weather Powerful Cat 5 Hurricane Irma's path shifts east where's it headed next ? ... Georgia So
#MONEY #IRMA WSJ The Trump administration selected the final four proposals for a second set of Mexican border wall prototypes
Irma Who ? Ain't got time ! ! #shezabrick #kwsavannah
NOW is the time to ensure you are prepared for #HurricaneIrma . Path is near enough set on Central Florida includin
2k18 had to come out the day Hurricane Irma comes good job Ronnie
Breaking Hurricane Irma Alert Wiped Off The Map ... ' Heart Wrenching '
Glad people are evacuating . Irma and Jose are massive . 2017 will be the year of ' no joke ' monster storms .
is monitoring #Irma " Oooh Irma ! She sounds European . Is she a 10 ? I wonder if she's married . Never mind that doesn't matter ... "
The outer bands of the mighty Hurricane #irma are visible from NOAA NWS Guantanamo Bay Radar .
Thank God they are experienced unlike the Trump administration .
Check this out " In Florida Searching for Gas and Water and Watching Irma "
Devastation in the Caribbean as Irma Heads Toward Miami by FRANCES ROBLES via NYT The New York Times
Usually I'm exaggerating about having 400lbs of sand in my car . Today is not that day #Florida #HurricaneIrma
WSJ As Irma barrels toward Florida one Texas hospital offers advice
Does anyone else think #Mueller is going to get fired this weekend under cover of #Irma ? My gut tells me this is coming .
A Delta Flight Beat Hurricane Irma Out of San Juan Airport and It Was NBD
In Florida Searching for Gas and Water and Watching Irma by LIZETTE ALVAREZ via NYT The New York Times
I know words . I have the best words .
Prayers and lots of love for my Caribbean brothers and sisters devastated by #HurricaneIrma . And
Be prepared for #HurricaneIrma as the appropriate hairdo for this killer storm is the beehive .
spins rapidly in circles a la irma in the hopes i can take off into the atmosphere
Irma needs to chill tf out .
The latest The Dr . Ronnie Joyner Daily ! Thanks to #irma #sheisthefirst
Mother of Wow
Our thoughts are with people hit by the fury of Hurricane Irma . May God bless everybody .
#NBCSports #Harvey and #Irma Marvel at #NFL Storms #FootballNight #nflcommish #CNN #msnbc #ProtectDACA #DACA
Retweeted Maximiliano Valdes NBCNews LATEST Category 5 Hurricane Irma now " pummeling the Turks ...
#whiterosevoice #TheResistance Irma is just starting with two other storms following.Give as able 2 help storm survivors .
What lovely people . #ReadTheStory #ShoutOutToSpokane
i'm the Dominican Republic
I pray Irma wipes this shit off the face of the earth .
Literally what does this have to do with presidents ? ? ignorant people there is no correlation
Retweeting because it's such a cool picture !
IRMA CURRENTLY PUMMELING THE TURKS AND CAICOS ISLANDS ... 8 00 PM EDT Thu Sep 7 Location 21.1 N 71.8 W Moving ...
Mans is still cranking lmfao
this gotta be the end of the world .
The biggest storm in the Atlantic's history.The baddest storm ever.The West is on fire & Asia is flooding but just
florida kids grew up hearing andrew horror stories so this is fucking terrifying .
Well expressed
CNN interviewing the UK appointed " governor " of Turks & Caicos about Irma's impact not the elected premier who is actually from there .
Fuck his house ... how about the millions of people that don't have homes anymore ?
Republican President re Irma Its looks like it could be something that would be not good . Believe me not good .
South Florida remains under hurricane watch as Irma churns through Caribbean
To distinguish it from what ? Toilet Water ? Irregular Water ? Decaf Water ? What ?
#Katrina eyewall penetration #HurricaneChasers #HurricaneIrma
. Hurricane Andrew compared to Beast #IRMA sized by size images
Irma looking like it may go slightly more westward . Im barly in the prediction cone ! May hit me !
PLAYING MW2 IN HURRICANE IRMA via
The Road ahead ... #Irma #hurricane #2017irma #hurricaneirma
Y'all ready know that boi prepared & ready ! #Hurricaneirma
Hey everyone My thoughts and prayer are going out to you all who are in the path of Irma . I pray that you ...
Holy shit
The latest The Rational Review ! Thanks to #irma #education
bro look at this hoe florida is fucked
A precursor to #HurricaneIrma ? Bad thunderstorms tonight ! #SWFL
What are the chances that Irma would directly hit the west coast of Florida ?
if my house in Palmetto Bay did not get surge in Andrew will we in Irma ?
Irma is now slamming Providenciales and Grace Bay Resorts in the Turks and Caicos #Irma #turksandcaicos
It's possible but Irma is much larger . Hurricane force winds will be over a bigger area and so will
Florida governor urges people in Irma's path to get out ' We can't save you ' Fox News
My kind of dog . One that can read .
As a responsible Floridian I took it upon myself to construct this #HurricaneIrma playlist on enjoy at you
Watching Independence Day and one guy says ' isn't there a chance this thing will just pass us by ? ' #soundsfamiliar #hurricaneirma2017
It's weird because Floridians are more scared of this hurricane than the people who aren't even from here . Iconic . #irma #HuricaneIrma #rt
#WX #HurricaneIrma Advisory 35A via Atlantic 8p mEDT Thu 7Sep17 Irma Pummeling Turks & Caicos Islands .
Im scared shitless on a plane . Last thing I wanna do is effin fly thru the eye of Irma . Those Americans have huge bawz .
Two Nuclear Power Plants In Florida Are Directly In The Path Of Hurricane Irma
Shelia
Try telling that to all of us here in South Florida facing Irma
#TurksandCaicos currently being battered #HurricaneIrma live updates storm pummels Haiti & heads for Bahamas #irma
It Could Happen Tomorrow stuff right here .
Asi esta el #HuracanIrma #HurricaneIrma #turksandcaicos #prayfortheCaribbean #Caribbean
#Hurricane Former U . S . presidents raising money for #HurricaneHarvey and #HurricaneIrma relief
IRMA . SIGUE . Y . YA . VIENE . EL . HURACN . JOSE .
#chemtrails #geoengineering #weathermodification Will it rain this fall in the Pacific Northwest ? #irma #hurricane
DANGEROUS SITUATION headed towards Florida the ENTIRE STATE needs to be prepared . Stay Alert #HurricaneIrma #Florida
God bless your work in Texas ! ! I hope you can report Irma from afar . Youve done enough ... Thank you ! !
Will hurricane Irma hit Eastanollee GA ? I don't live there but my friend does .
Lived in Florida most of my life but #hurricaneirma2017 has me worried ! ! ! #PrayForFlorida
1 400 residents of 2 island nation #AntiguaBarbuda has seen its entire infrastructure destroyed by #HurricaineIrma
Hurricane Irma this should be interesting . Looks like things will start to get froggy on Saturday morning ...
Top News Nearly 540000 Ordered to Evacuate Georgia as Southeast Prepares for Irma The Weather Channel
frfr like irma isn't gone catch a bitxh truly slipping
Latest on #HurricaneIrma No new watches warnings as storm keeps up path toward center of Florida #TCweather
Hurricane Irma kills four in U . S . Virgin islands government
Well this is terrifying .
sucks to sucks
I wonder if things ever got stormy .
Why is Irma going over my house we got a huge dead tree that thing is going to fall on the house
will check that out ty . Also are you safe from Irma ?
Hurricane Irma Powers On After Tearing Up The Caribbean Killing At Least 13 On Its Way To
please if not give them to me
No hurricane is going to out blow Irma
The Most Soul Crushing Photos And Videos Of Devastation From Hurricane Irma So Far
#HurricaneIrma has overtaken Typhoon #Haiyan 2013 as the most consistently powerful global storm on record .
2 now I have my own drama to attend to here come Irma and she's packing a punch
The 8p m update on #Irma is here plus sandbag locations closures and more
HURRICANE IRMA UPDATED VIDEO TRACKS NO SOUND Here are the latest video tracks of Hurricane Irma which is ...
" The largest disaster in US history is about to unfold . "
I really wanted to those high waisted skinnies ! ! but I'm right in Irma's path & don't want them to be s
Well this is adorable
Former presidents band together in call for Harvey Irma relief aid
Hurricane Irma is forcing Trumps Mar a Lago estate to evacuate
Prayers for victims of and families in the path of #HurricaneIrma .
The latest The blicqer Daily ! Thanks to #harvey #irma
Trump out here talking like a brown dad lmfao " something that will be not good "
#Irma is a bullet with Florida's name on it .
Convoy Of Hope
Florida Bracing For Hurricane Irma pls RT #HurricaneIrma #weather
Miami ' in the worst possible position ' #OMGMiamivideo
Couple doesnt let #HurricaneIrma stop them from getting married in Florida
This is just incredible ! My life was so much easier wen I didn't give a shit about politics ! Help ! ! ! #Brexit
Incredible videos show power of Hurricane Irma
So ... Irma's storm surge could max out at close to 30 feet in some areas ... There are towns in FL that might disappear under that .
Too little too late . Guess you don't mind being a $ $ holes until y
Had to run away from #HurricaneIrma without my husband because he has to be at work . Traveling is fun but not in these circumstances !
We are wishing everyone a safe time with their families during Hurricane Irma . Here is some info that might help ...
iam ready for hurricane irma
So many of my favourite people places and memories are in Florida . Please stay safe . #hurricane
Not looking forward to potential strong severe storms so many trees around my house .
Flo Rida looks pretty good for a dude getting chased by Hurricane Irma .
Pray and let God worry Martin Luther #HurricaneIrma #HarveyRelief #FloridaStrong #SouthFlorida #turksandcaicos #Barbuda #Bahamas
3 Hurricanes Threaten US East Coast Gulf Irma Jose Katia #fakenews #propaganda
I can't deal with the internet ! #hurricaneirma2017 #IrmaHurricane #hurricaneirma #gasolina #daddyyankee
RT fema If you'd like to help Puerto Rico & the US Virgin Islands recover after #Irma connect with a trusted org
Hey kian can you follow me before #irma comes ? Thank u
Hurricane Irma Three ships nearly 700 Marines dispatched to Virgin Islands
Damn it ! You couldn't record in the basement or something
Harvey and Irma #HuricaneIrma #PrayForFlorida I'm here a little worry but we r going to be fine I trust in God
I uploaded a new episode " Hurricane Irma Heads to Turks and Caicos " on #spreaker
So Irma left & now Thor decided to stop by .
In 72 hours this beautiful sunset in Orlando FL will be violent and vengeful #hurricaneirma
I am not going to mention any names but the M for MAJOR is over more than one of my friends houses . Get Out ! ! !
OMG that's right it may hit in your area ! ! please stay safe and keep me updated I feel for y'all . Irma is a
Ready to rip someone's head off or give them the shirt off my back . Can't decide . #irma
lol out here bout to get hit by hurricane Irma and my mom is leaving for Spain then a cruise that goes through the Mediterranean Sea
#HurricaneIrma party in my bottle !
Praying for all in harm's way #HurricaneIrma
Hmm . Another one . Either every team in Florida is afraid to play or maybe there's a giant ass hurricane headed thei
HURRICANE IRMA LARGEST HURRICANE IN ATLANTIC OCEAN ! ! ! LIVE COVERAGE ! ! ! MUST WATCH ! via
me rn because I will do literally everything I can to protect Walt Disney World #HurricaneIrma
Sharing this valuable advice in times of Hurricane . #staysafe #hurricaneirma #wewillsurvive
Delta flight races Hurricane Irma to Puerto Rico and back and wins
#opinionlive SDHL premiren Nordea #klimatanpassning2017 #nordicjs Irma David Lagercrantz Dan Eliasson Bryn 63
Wunderground Weather tracking has a real time map to track Irma . Here is how you get it . Note that the ...
Awww that's the coolest thing Ever #HappyDay and even better I have faith here means
Checking the radar for Hurricane Irma . Miami will face a hard encounter then she will be heading to Orlando .
Chris Unbias Indictment The Untold Truth pt . 3 Hurricane Irma Official Trailer HD . youtube.com watch ? v IrI 0eh1j5E4
An Inconvenient Lie ... Hurricane Irma Is NOT the Most Powerful Atlantic Hurricane Ever Recorded .
Irma no Matthew officials warn as super storms track shifts west
Martin County Hurricane Irma updates Sept 7 PM
Scott Fisher Says The Eye of the Storm passing the Turks and Caicos . #Hurricane #Irma #HurricaneIrma
I liked a video Hurricane Irma People buying water like crazy South Carolina
Prayers please for those of us who can't leave !
This hurricane coverage sounds like an episode of a bad reality show Irma takes Miami ! #welcometomiami
Supposed Jose is supposed to follow irma's path wooooooo much fun so much excite ...
YASSS It's time for a great show fiorellarose hurricane irma
Haiti orphanage braces as Irma lashes Caribbean via FOX NEWS
look you guys are making a big deal about Irma when this is the natural disaster we need to worry about .
#WUTV Aren't u glad there is other significant wx across US to cover so u can spend more time on Irma & Jose ?
Bangor area wedding party stranded after #HurricaneIrma devastates island
Dear IRMA ... Please visit 1100 S Ocean Blvd Palm Beach FL 33480 You can stay there a
As Hurricane Irma bears down the Coast Guard makes sense of its grueling response to Harvey The Washington Post
#ClimateChange #GlobalWarming Hurricane Irma skirts Puerto Rico leaves more than 1 million without power
Dax is already afraid of storms I can only imagine when Irma gets here c
Pray for my hometown pls #HurricaneIrma
PRESS RELEASE Hurricane Irma Airlifting Several Sharks Is A Digital Fake Image In Line With Sharknado #Opines o
its whole lotta gang shit going in this picture
Lol that's why yall # 1 always showin love
#Comey #ComeyDay #Lordy #LordyIHopeThereAreTapes Turks and Caicos governor to residents as Hurricane Irma marches
US citizens overseas needing assistance after #Irma
#Comey #ComeyDay #Lordy #LordyIHopeThereAreTapes Eye of Irma 25 miles across perfectly symmetrical " quite a uni
How much more can Barbuda take ? Hurricane Jose to brush by Irma battered island via
Water temps are average and Irma's strength while breaking records isn't unbelievable by any means .
Weather's beautiful in Miami . Makes you wonder how people reacted to storms pre cones . #hurricaneirma2017
FUCKING IDIOT ALERT EPA chief on Irma Not time to talk climate change
. to report closed roads in real time as Hurricane Irma hits land
Alternatively can we encourage all Limbaugh fans to vacation in Miami this weekend ?
Nassau is breathtaking pre Irma . It conjures Leonidas in 300 " Spartans ! Ready your breakfast and eat hearty for t
this storm is supposed to dump 2 inches of rain tonight . my town is deadass gonna be flooded before Irma even gets
Translation " Brown people on the Internet say stupid things . "
Can't wait to survive Irma so I can wear this shirt
California bound though #blessed bye #HurricaneIrma
The immigrants your deporting speak better English than you
Irma looks like it will be a shitshow but hopefully we dont forget the complete devastation in Texas .
if he had cojones he would come down to Miami and be with us for Irma for some reason SEC reps have
Great now Jose is a hurricane
14 You know hurricane irma has been proven to be the strongest hurricane in
This is incredible . #IrmaHurricane
Irma and Harvey signs of climate change ?
I need Hurricane Irma to gone up to Foxborough and fuck shit up
I had #HurricaneIrma on my tweet but it made it go over 140 characters . Wouldn't send . Live learn .
Irma Gherd if you're in the path of Irma and can evacuate please do ! Things can be replaced
AccuWeather Meteorologist Paul Williams discusses the latest on Hurricane Irma
Breaking News Hurricane Irma update 4 p . m . Thursday via
I liked a video I HAVE TO EVACUATE FROM MY HOUSE ! Hurricane Irma IS COMING ! Evacuation Plans &
RT PaulRogersSJMN Hurricane Irma right compared to Hurricane Andrew in 1992 . Andrew destroyed 63 000 homes .
True Nutter that Reed guy . good luck folks
This Hurricane Harvey Jose and Irma in my state rn #IrmaHurricane #JoseHurricane
Irma who ?
JUST IN Irma Could Hit Every Major City In Florida HOTNEWS 24 qua
Latest advisory from the NHC Irma plowing through the Turks & Caicos . GA impacts tonight at 10p on FOX 5
Thinking about everyone in Irma's path .
In Cuba 10 000 foreign tourists evacuated as Irma approaches #Cuba #Cubanews
#VirginIslands These pictures are heartbreaking . An incredible documentation . 82
Islander confident about hurricane preparations as husband faces Irma in Cuba #Cuba #Cubanews
The South Carolina PTA office in Columbia will be closed on 9 11 and 9 12 because of Hurricane Irma . Everyone stay
if I tweet you every hour will you magically open three seats for my family to get to Charlotte from Orlando before Irma gets us ?
Earth Changes Category 5 #HurricaineIrma becomes most powerful hurricane ever recorded in #AtlanticOcean
Hurricane Irma " pummeling " Turks and Caicos with powerful winds
#dailysofrito Hurricane Irma Responding To Needs In The Caribbean
PLEASE RT PILOT & COPILOT didn't show up ? ! Cat 5 hurricane Irma ON THE WAY ! ? FLT 2235 MIA
Stop saying climate change doesn't exist
Folks I have bad news . I think NEO Scavenger is basically happening . #Equifax #Irma #NorthKorea #wildfires ... Time to move to Detroit .
Were monitoring #Irma closely and preparing our clinics and patients . Please call 1 800 626 1297 for #dialysis center updates .
Nice offer
Spread the word ! Download FREE walkie talkie cellphone app from Zello #HurricaneIrma #StayConnected
Anyone who would like extra prayers as Irma comes and goes feel free to let me know in the comments ...
is doing a fantastic job taking control of #Irma . I feel confident that #Florida is in good hands .
Hurricane Irma CARE readies response as monster storm bears down on Haiti Cuba #Cuba #Cubanews
If Irma even gets here it'll be Monday ... not next Saturday lmao
do not forget the USVI . you are doing amazing . #HurricaneIrma
Breaking news Irma to destroy Mar o Lago and the patriots organization . Americans rejoice .
Florida National Guard May Mobilize 8K Troops for Irma
Historical Hurricane Carribean Islands Flattened By Category Six Irma As She Flies Toward Florida
Mom " There's another storm behind Irma . " Me " Yeah I know . Name's Jose . " Mom " I'm wondering where JosB is ! " AND YOU WONDER WHERE I GET IT !
Hurricane Irma Airlifting Several Sharks Is A Digital Fake Image In Line With Sharknado
So thankful to have help from my friends to prepare for #hurricaneirma
My tweet highlighted Target stores in Irma path were remaining open putting lives at risk . They never denied yet tw
Georgia South Carolina plan evacuations as Irma nears
No Mr President we can't build a wall there #HurricaneIrma #Irma #hurricaneirma2017
UPDATE Disney World Closing Fort Wilderness & More Cancelling More Special Events Ahead of Hurricane Irma
PrisonPlanetTV The Real Cause Behind Hurricane Irma #infowars #realnews The Real Cause Behind Hurricane Irma h
Scary shit .. just looks like the eyes of something evil .
I am ! I'm also right in the middle of helping fam with Irma evacuation ... let's make plans in a few
8P M ADVISORY Irma pummeling the Turks and Caicos Islands with 176 mph winds South Florida under Hurricane Watch
JetBlue offers $ 99 flights for Hurricane Irma evacuees
Miami museums hunker down ahead of Hurricane Irma
BuzzFeedNews California Oregon and Montana are on fire . Idaho had a 5.3 earthquake . Texas is underwater . Irma i
Irma coming then I do the race .
Nations rush to help islands devastated by Hurricane Irma #Facebook #android #app go to
When you're leaving Florida cause of Hurricane Irma but want to make sure your chair
Praying for you #staysafe
Damn this is so fucked up
First images send by my Family in St . Maarten Dutch side . #Irma #IrmaHurricane #StMartin #hurricaneirma2017
Hurricane Irma Florida orders mass evacuations as deadly storm hits Caribbean latest news via
babydoll i just heard the hurricane irma is gonna hit georgia . please stay safe as well as those around you . i love you
For those who think Irma ain't coming or isn't hitting us hard y'all gonna be the first ones Irma gon slap the piss outta y'all .
Uncle Harvey visited the world last week . And aunt Irma arrived a few days ago . What about tio Jose y tia Katia ? Are they coming ?
#BREAKING #Irma #Florida closes public schools and universities to ensure there's enough shelter and staging places
Irma was basically a bunch of tornados
. is your source for #Irma coverage . FOLLOW
Braves offering free tickets to Hurricane Irma evacuees in Atlanta a few days ago
northern family members " omg what are you gonna do to prep for irma ? " floridians " yooo we finna get litttttttt "
Watch aerial footage of the DEVASTATED famous St . Maarten Airport caused by #Hurricane #Irma
#CSRAwards2017 #rtept #Irma #AirfieldFoodSeries #LockedOutGen Dundalk Caribbean Pearse Station Almost 3 000 91
Florida has handled Irma evacuation and storm plans very well . Governor Rick Scott in particular .
I'm crying
Puerto Rico breathes sigh of relief as spared Irmas worst
The Truth About Hurricane Irma via Full Respect for Trump no respect for the Left !
This latest projected path of Irma is no bueno at all !
We will be in the middle of Irma at the 1 00pm kick off .
Monster #HurricaneIrma full effects in #StThomas US Virgin Islands Sept 6 2017 #USVI #Irma
Shut the doors on #HurricaneIrma !
Still trying to convince my wife that we should evacuate to Columbus for the Football game . So far no luck . #irma
Richard Branson says Hurricane Irma ' utterly devastated ' his private island
Storm Irma reside 8am replace from the nationwide hurricane heart #Storm #Irma #resi ...
this may be the most accurate hurricane Irma tweet
Tip for everyone in hurricane Irma's path write your social security number on your arm so when they find you they can identify you .
I bet she used to be fine
T Wigg Irma really wanted to see Disney . Euro track has been most accurate .
When we had our windstorm last year.winds reached 150kmh . I was scared . I can't imagine 300kmh wind Thinkin of all facing #hurricaneirma2017
It's hard to believe there is an even larger threat heading for our nation after #HurricaneHarvey . Please stay safe
Not True . It authorised the National Guard to acquire whatever they need to help restore order and recover from the
Our prayers are with families hit by the intensity of Hurricane Irma . Be strong . May God help you all withstand it .
fuck irma for now . Pats Nation season
Hoping all of my relatives in Florida stay safe & sound during #HurricaneIrma
Just In White House releases details of President Trump briefing on Hurricane Irma
wtf is this im
Airports especially MCO prepare to shut down in expectation of Hurricane Irma's arrival . #2150BF
Humor of my cousin Michael Vitovich in Miami . Be safe MIke ! #Irma #KeepSearching #Denimtheories #life
How Florida bout to be after hurricane Irma
Bracing for Hurricane Irma ! via
Destructive Hurricane #Irma plowing towards the Bahamas tonight ...
If God exists she will drop hurricane Irma on Mar a Lago and tell it is a Chinese hoax
Hurricane Andrew and #HurricaneIrma at scale
I imagine it will be the same in Florida after Irma .
I liked a video IRMA Targets Miami Two Nuke Plants Shutdown Traffic Gridlock
Night of Joy canceled ... okay #Irma you've done all you needed to do . Thank you ! You can go now . #NOJ
OMG it is scary pray for lives there
Irma is moving closer to Florida . Please keep us in your prayers . . . . . #irma #hurricane
Yes ! Please be safe all .
8 30PM UPDATE Major impacts from Irma expected from Florida to Georgia and the Carolinas . The midday models ...
The latest Charity NGO ! Thanks to globalideas #irma #hurricaneirma
We restocked some essentials for Hurricane Irma already fully stocked in nutri berries and pellet berries and ...
We urge all Canadians affected by Irma to be safe and listen to local authorities . Anyone who needs help please se
Heartbreaking account from #StThomas #usvi sending our love & ready to help ! Hang on !
hurricane Irma might knock our power out for a few days but my professor is having NONE of it she still wants all assigns turned in early
Here Are The Places Most Devastated By Hurricane Irma So Far Need to remember all US ppl not just florida
Travie McCoy ft Bruno Mars Billionaire live #singing & pro drumming drums Hurricane Irma prayers to those affect
Irma hits the Caribbean in pictures
We will be providing details this Sunday on how our church family can help with the devastation of Hurricane Harvey
Suddenly he cares because Mar A Lago and if that's gone where's he supposed to go to avoid presidential duties ? !
Congratulations Harvey and Irma on 75 years God bless you ! My folks only made it to 52 years . RETWEET RETWEET RETWE
After Irma moves through I can assure you the bugs will be bad ! ! Get your bug guard now at the Grand Strand Vendor
You will never see them as they will mysteriously be destroyed in the wake of hurricane Irma
#NJ #NationalGuard #RedCross volunteers headed to #Florida to help with Hurricane #Irma
Devastation in the Caribbean as Irma Heads Toward Miami
Kid tips Details are critical during a hurricane ... #SWFL #parenting #Irma
Call to Action . #pettransport #irma
I'd say she has a tad bit PMS LOL #irma
Hi ! This week's cover is Female President by Girls Day ! Note this may be the last cover for a week to Hurricane Irma
Prime Minister sends reinforcing message for people effected by Irma but people view it as the best time to bring u
EMERGENCY CITY OPERATIONS UPDATE click here to view latest update #HBIrma #HBEmergency
Homeowners vs . Irma You can protect your house
Irma " It would be a miracle if Miami Beach didn't sink " via
Newspaper headlines Hurricane Irma dominates front pages
Visualizing Irma's Immense Size Compared To Andrew The Most Destructive Hurricane To Ever Hit Flori via
The Weather Channel Hurricane Irma Live Tracker Hurricane Irma Updates YouTube
And the fucking President of the United States of America STILL claims that climate change is a plot by the Chinese
JUST IN Irma Could Hit Every Major City In Florida HOTNEWS 24
Irma is fucking huge
All my trivial jokes aside ive been sick to my stomach all day worrying about DACA and Irma and just the fate of earth in general
Devastation in the Caribbean as Irma Heads Toward Miami via
HURRICANE #IRMA forcing mandatory evacuations in Georgia South Carolina Fox News
Irma you are a hurricane of truth ! ! !
#HurricaneIrma is scaring the daylights out of US ! ! !
If ur even close to the path plz get to somewhere safe take precautions & listen to what's going on bc its going to b bad #hurricaneirma2017
Haitians in Ottawa fear for relatives in Hurricane Irmas path Ottawa
Irony This is less than a mile from the state's emergency operations center where officials are coordinating #Irma
UK Government Slammed For Disgraceful Response To Hurricane Irma
I'm thankful for those who are taking Irma seriously I don't think we have any idea what she could do .
Somebody give this brazen flight team a round of applause #DL302
Zello Tops App Store Charts As Hurricane Irma Looms What Can The Walkie Talkie App Do ?
Were You On This Delta Plane That Flew Into Hurricane Irma ? Updated via
Irma Jos and now Katia ... lawdamercy
EPA chief on Irma The time to talk climate change isn't now
Irma in cap haitian #haiti #caphaitian #hurricaneirma
Stay safe everyone
The latest FirmRE 411 ! Thanks to #irma #cre
Net Foolish Pro surfer 16 dies trying to catch monster Hurricane Irma wave
Puerto Rico breathes sigh of relief as spared Irma's worst Reuters
I live in Minnesota and I'm just outside of that boundary . The fact Irma is that big is both fascinating and scary .
No Audio Current Hurricane Irma Tracks Watches and Satellite
The Datz readerboard strikes again . Love it !
Hurricane Irma live updates storm pummels Haiti and heads for Bahamas and Florida
RT TheYoungTurks " Hurricane Irma Closing In On Florida Leaving Wake Of Destruction via YouTube "
Wow who would thought Charlotte would run ot of water !
Teen pro surfer dies riding Hurricane Irma wave his last words revealed
In Haiti ' we are already living in another hurricane Hurricane Misery '
Hurricane Irma ... Jeez why so many hurricanes ?
In Miami waiting for Irma but might take the Atlanta Braves up on that free ticket and getout of here
Irma needs to hurry up
We've been driving since 1pm . The roadways weren't that bad . But we're experiencing some traffic at present ! Still thankful ! #hurricaneirma
FEMA Chief Brock Long Irma Will Be ' Devastating ' for US
Four dead from #Irma in US Virgin Islands
So who's down to go surfing when irma hit ?
Holy crap .
I know man . It's such an unfortunate bummer . I'm in South FL too . By the time it's fix
The latest The World Game ! Thanks to #irma #tlvinldn
C'mon distract me from #HurricaneIrma with a WIN ! Great start so far . #NEvsKC
Jake Gyllenhaal didn't survive The Day After Tomorrow in 2004 just to go through it again in 2017
SERIOUSLY take a look if you live in an area affected by hurricanes and ESPECIALLY if you're in Irma's path
Did this on Wednesday #hurricaneirma2017
Hurricane Irma Pummels Caribbean and Churns Toward Florida va
Irma will pass over the highest SST yet north of Cuba on the way towards Florida over 29C 84F everywhere . High
Endless hurricane keep c we need ask why and prepare evacuate shelters . America and its neighbors should help each
Heads up people this could be worse than Irma .
i feel helpless just hoping and praying people and animals stay safe during this ...
RT FoxNews " #Irma's projected path shifts west ; #Florida more firmly in crosshairs
do something to help these people #HurricaneIrma
Irma Cat 5 Bam Bam Cat 10 . We gonna eat and drink good ! Filet Fl lobsta and a Benziger club treat . #eatlikeaboss
People prepare for #HurricaneIrma to protect their bodies and property . Good . What about preparing for their souls ... ? #tsabs
she ain't shit bro i've been trying to tell u this
HURRICANE IRMA BLASTS PAST PUERTO RICO WITH 180 MPH WINDS ; RISK RISES FOR FLORIDER L via
cam chat rooms for adults irma naked
Run away from hurricane IRMA and we are renting a uhaul . Look at the the name .. #AldubMagkasama
Devastation in the Caribbean as Irma Heads Toward Miami Lawdy lawd .
How was my day ? I helped a lot of people today get away from Irma safely . I even got on the news for a second .
Honestly feel free to joke about Hurricane Irma IMO it's a lil insensitive to but as long as you're taking it seriously it's fine by me <3
Praying that Irma LEVELS Mar a hole and that you don't get a DIME ! You 17 million dollar POS THIEF ! ! !
For those staying in Miami . #Irma
WSBTV reports Atlanta Motor Speedway equipped to take in thousands of Irma evacuees
The Soggy Dollar Bar is Strong ! Painkillers will live on ! #Irma #BVI #USVI #jostvandyke #blueshed
After Irma the silence out of Barbuda is frightening
. Keene sur #Periscope Ride through Fort Lauderdale Beach before #HurricaneIrma arrives in less than 48hrs wi
Stay safe here are some important hurricane safety for seniors tips and resources ! #hurricaneirma
Haiti has already been devastated by natural disasters . Now it's bracing for Irma . Washington Post
Hurricane Irma is coming right for my city . I'm scared Hailee
Still no word from my cousin and her family in #Antigua . #HurricaneIrma
Cars sit on a flooded street on the island of Saint Martin after Hurricane Irma passed through the Caribbean island
#Elderly couple Harvey and Irma amazed by namesake #hurricanes after 75 years of #marriage ...
Please consider donating to Hurricane irma victims and to those about to lose their homes
Stay safe neighbors .
Thank you for your thoughtful insight sir
Florida sheriff Sex offenders those with warrants not welcome at hurricane shelters
The N.Colo Florida game Sat . in Gainesville has been ppd . to Hurricane Irma ! Smart move by the Gators ! #HurricaneIrma
1st pic is a comment thats on a #hurricaneirma2017 video . Last 2 pics is my response to the guy's comment . Sometimes the world makes me sick
Hurricane Irma is moving though the Caribbean with record breaking winds #J2150BD
Are Irma like Super Storms the ' New Normal ' ?
With Irma now tracking directly over Orlando what's the cost to shift my trip one day Tues Sun inst
Airlines refuse seat to man with dog trying to flee Hurricane Irma so hes forced to ride out the storm
IRMA is bigger than Texas
na no funny shit .. this bitch irma is no fuckin joke
RT biblewords 3 On St . Martin an official said 95 % of the island was destroyed by Hurricane Irma
What caused Hurricane Irma ? Did climate change cause this Category 5 tropical storm ? The Independent
This is real ? ? ? ! ! ! ? ?
RT realDonaldTrump " I encourage EVERYONE in the path of #HurricaneIrma to heed the advice and orders of local & st
ForexLive " RT realDonaldTrump I encourage EVERYONE in the path of #HurricaneIrma to heed the advice and orders of local & state officials !
As Houston bands together price gouging hits Florida ahead of Hurricane Irma
I encourage EVERYONE in the path of #HurricaneIrma to heed the advice and orders of local & state officials !
Hurriedly scans identity politics hierarchy chart sees gay trumps misogynistic Whew close one there George .
Well tomorrow I will cutting down some trees that might be a cluster Fak when Irma hits
They are 2 ignorant 2 figure out that half living in the path of Irma are their
The Don I encourage EVERYONE in the path of #HurricaneIrma to heed the advice and orders of local & state officials !
JUST IN Florida Gov . Rick Scott ordered the closure of all state schools colleges and universities Friday through Monday . #HurricaneIrma
Florida Governor orders all public schools state colleges state universities & state offices to close ahead of Hurricane Irma
Heed he'd head or heal or he'll or heel or ... we're confused MF
While Irma takes aim on Florida Hurricanes Jose and Katia are also threatening land
This will stop being amusing in about 72 hours when IRMA hits land & then & his strange #Verrit
My heart hurts for those affected by #Irma and #Harvey . Stay safe friends and remember you're always welcome in ATL . #calmdownmothernature
Praying for all the people that have been affected and will be affected by hurricane Irma #HurricaineIrma2017
Updating Social Media To Tell Loved Ones You Are Safe During An Emergency It's Scary Simple #HurricaneIrma
RT AstroKomrade Tonight far too many people in #Irmas path and in its wake .
hurricane irma looks like will come into Sofla at a Cat 5 . Looks like where about to get tested
You've described a majority of Americans . While feeling crushed at Harvey and Irma they still don't
#HurricaneIrma Alert #21 From Bahamas Meteorology Dept .
Live stream of IRMA Situation From Weather Channel No need to view #CNN #BlackoutCnn weather
realDonaldTrump I encourage EVERYONE in the path of #HurricaneIrma to heed the advice and orders of local & state
Pets matter too ! #HurricaineIrma #Irma
I'm really trying to focus on everything but the fact that #HurricaneIrma is about to plow through this city .
Chaining a dog for more than 2 hrs in the Uk is illegal . Your laws mirror ours so get a grip !
#Irma expected to bring rain wind to Charlotte Well damn . There went every single evac destination I had .
LIVE HURRICANE IRMA Tracking HEADING TOWARD FLORIDA 185 MPH CAT 5 Cuba ...
This is just heartbreaking .
Irma is one pissed bitch .
Give Irma the GONG !
Lmao he dgaf about us Floridians .
Monstrous Hurricane Irma kills 14 in Caribbean heads for Florida
Did Trump sponsor a Twitter moment ?
As Irma approaches I think it's the opportune time to wish you all a Merry Christmas you know just in case .
Delta flight goes where no others will in and out of Hurricane Irma
#HurricaneIrma live updates storm pummels Haiti and heads for Bahamas and Florida #Irma #HurricaneIrma2017
And to think ... Jose is following Irma and it's already a category 2 . But no there's no climate change ... this is
My friend Christine is evacuating Key West . If you are the one charging $ 99 for a case of 12 waters You are scum . #Irma
Hmmmmmm ! & I thought that the global warming is just a myth
Man films Irma destruction to warn Florida
' It's so big ' Christchurch family among 100 Kiwis in the path of deadly Hurricane Irma . via
I live in FL Irma's coming . If you'd like to send your $ 20 hurricane relief donations directly to me now to beat the rush that's fine .
Pretty much covers it !
Retweeted Hallie Jackson Harvey is 104 . Irma is 92 . They've been married 75 years . > ...
Thoughts and prayers go out to all those in the Carribean affected by Hurricane Irma . The photos and stories are truly heart wrenching .
RT realDonaldTrump I encourage EVERYONE in the path of #HurricaneIrma to heed the advice and orders of local & s
Could you add " Prayer won't save you ! " ?
damn that piece of ocean is ALL malice right now . #irma & #jose
Thank you Mrs Obama for your comforting words . I'm in Florida and we are waiting for Hurricane Irma t
Shockingly light traffic from Miami to Ft . Lauderdale . Have people already bugged out are they staying or waiting until last minute ? #Irma
Unprecedented . #hurricaneirma2017 #HurricaneIrma
Lots of #Prayers
at this point you gotta throw the whole school away ..
LUCIFER TRUMP WILL BE PUNISHED BY IRMA HURRICANE BADLY HIS PALACES AND GOLF CLUBS
New York Times reporting the real important news
This shit is unacceptable . #HurricaneIrma
Virgin Islands poised for Irma preps to seize guns fight NRA via
The way it's looking right now streams may be cancelled this weekend . I'm really sorry but #Irma is being a bitch . #TeamEmmmmsie
and I'm scared
is closing tomorrow as per ' s request to close all K 12 schools #IRMA
delicia I hope Irma wipes out the Pulse club site
Irma's gonna kill me so bye guys xd Helpimactuallyworried
The latest A 2 Z ALLREDZ LAST WORDZ ! Thanks to #1u #irma
I really hope climate change deniers will take this as a wake up call .
Exposed coconut roots Irma you are a bitch
How do people spend time in their day to find this ?
Yon ti farinay lapli rekmanse sou Delmas 65 ... #Irma .. tw fb pou plivyomt mezire nap swiv ..
This is what happened last time a category 5 hurricane hit Florida via
One stop shop for Irma
Can we rename Irma " Scott Norwood " ? Go wide right ! #HurricaneIrma Go Bills !
Hurricane Irma changes wedding plans of WISH TV's and other Indiana couples . reports
List of survivors after Irma and Jose run through Florida
Looks like a tornado ... where's the flooding ? Such a terrifying storm !
If you are in southern Florida please think about relocating asap
Close the damn schools . It's state order .
I hope Irma takes me and leaves my family and everything else alone .
Irma could test strength of Florida's strict building codes from
It's not just a #hurricane is a #climatecatastrophe #reframe
Where To Find Gas In The Tampa Bay Area Hurricane Irma Evacuation
Hurricane Irma Broward postpones high school football games joining Palm Beach and Miami Dade
Our items are sitting in a warehouse rather than helping my family for the arrival of IRMA . CATEGORY 5 thanks #ups
are there live cams watching #irma
#POTUS #DonaldTrump #DonaldJtrump tweets about #HurricaneIrma #Irma #IrmaHurricane #HurricaneIrma2017 #HuracanIrma
Hurricane Irma satellite and track
If Irma hits Fla . as Cat . 4 or 5 it'll be 1st time in history U . S . was hit by 2 category 4 5 storms in one year .
Look at the comments
I saw this on the BBC and thought you should see it Hurricane Irma Which areas are at risk ?
TRACKING IRMA With maximum sustained winds reaching 180 miles per hour Irma is on track to hit the Virgin I
RT UN Every effort must be made to ensure that warnings reach the most marginalised & vulnerable . More from
2 . I am with you going through the same anguish evacuating right now . We are all Colombia no matter where we are .
i gotta leave to a shelter because of irma tomorrow an im bored as hell
IRMA UPDATE Regions 2 and 4 Taking Precautions Activating Emergency Response Teams #epa
Irma would unfortunately still surpass Frances . Irma is currently witho
I bet they try to say the effective response will be because Mar a Lago is there . Nevermind Houston . Watch it happe
BULLETIN Hurricane Irma Intermediate Advisory Number 35A NWS National Hurricane Center Miami FL AL112017 ...
Donnie people are siphoning gas out of cars in my neighborhood . So there's that to worry about . #irma #notcool
Florida under hurricane watch as ' powerful and deadly ' Irma roars toward U . S . mainland via
Hurricane Irma French St Martin ' 95 % destroyed ' as Florida orders evacuations live updates #SHELTERINPLACE #ALE
So it's no hope fa Irma ta keep going west huh
Powerful Hurricane Irma Slams Caribbean Eyes US #SHELTERINPLACE #ALERT She just learned they are sheltering in pl
Pray Irma in Jesus name leaves Florida by God's grace
You think Irma is going to wreck shit just wait till Mueller is done with you and your traitorous family .
8 Photos of the Destruction Hurricane Irma Has Caused So Far #fitnessworldabs
can you talk abt Irma's impact in areas north of Miami like Boca and Boynton Beach ? Lots of elderly folks in those areas ...
Final from Alden has #Bulldogs over Barker RoyHart Rams 41 18 ! #Preptalklive #GoBulldogs #HurricaneIrma
Homegirl talkin ' ' bout . " I don't want to send the wrong message . I think I should stop hanging out with him . " Guess where she's at ? #Irma
plz come to Florida . k thanks
Worst collab of 2017
And yet Trump & GOP still don't believe in climate change . So try deporting #IRMA now . She's about to cross the bo
The Day South Florida and UConn call off game in advance of Irma #UConn
Shoutout to Irma for forcing my bff to come home for a little bit
so sorry toughts are w you all
I am flying into Tampa tomorrow morning . I wish all my fellow Floridians good luck . #HurricaneIrma
i NEVER miss ur show ! ! ! The best ESPN takes on the dial .
Prayers . My goodness the heartache of destruction that has already occurred and is yet to happen . #Irma
Hurricane Irma is going to kill me ! ! !
People are dying from these storms but let's marvel at the funny coincidence .
Oh my god prayers for people & places in its path . Pray for their safety
in 8 days they will say they lost them in Irma .
Correct . It was a long time ago . #Irma is both a reminder and a consequence of inaction .
That really puts things in perspective . Geez
Hurricane Irma Guantanamo Bay Will Not Evacuate Terror Suspects As Storm Heads for Cuba
Piotrowski We all need to trend #VZWSupport lol Time out Verizon #flwx fix it #HurricaneIrma Coverage Jeff is #SavingLives
I dont know how theyve done that to have a Harvey and Irma Adorable via
who gives a fuck ?
Gotta show off these Ahri pics before Irma comes for me Photo by
#Climate porn Telegraph Calls #HurricaneIrma Most Deadly Storm In History via #notareligion
Rush Limbaugh says meet him in South Florida Irma is just liberal propaganda ! There are some hoping to see Trump there !
#Resist #NastyWoman #DACA IT'S A SHIRT ! ! GET IT HERE EPA chief on #Irma The time to talk about climate chang
First #Irma report from my plane waiting on the MIA tarmac Devastation in the Caribbean as Irma Heads Toward Miami
Jos Harvey Irma
These apps are dominating because of Hurricane Irma
My god this storm . I'm worried sick about Florida .
I'm waiting for Irma My money's going to clean up
Monstrous Hurricane Irma kills 14 in Caribbean heads for Fl #digitalmarketing #news #today
#WOINZ #nzgdc17 #Irma #TopShopAwards Stuff #insurance Colmar Brunton Christchurch Paula Bennett Maori 97
does this apply to SCPS ?
Fort Lauderdale Mayor Says His City Is ' Ready ' For Irma Here And Now
i'm praying for everyone affected by #HurricaneIrma . here is my kitten irma .
Oh yes it is ! Bigger than Irma !
Video captured by the International Space Station shows the view of Hurricane Irma from space .
Love is Dead Spirit Animal Army of Love Feral Hearts Chemical . I am in Florida . If
I second I was looking through fall decorations the next I thrusted into worrying about 8 animals an old lady and a house . #HurricaneIrma
I wish this was a joke . This is how ignorant and ill informed the left is . This explains what is wrong with half
Airlines are really making us proud lately aren't they ?
even with all this irma and storm season stuff I've been feeling pretty positive !
Low Lying Turks And Caicos Bahamas Brace For Hurricane Irma Hit Via . com
Reports Wrath of Irma reaches Turks and Caicos ; Cuba and the Bahamas brace for impacts
Irma need to come & go I'm sick of this for real .
Put the stuff in plastic bags incase water rises through the drain !
If this comparison of Irma vs Andrew is true ... I am mortified . PLEASE GOD SEND THIS HURRICANE ELSEWHERE . THIS IS I
GoogleNews Hurricane Irma now strongest category Dutch Government sends help to the Leeward Islands Curacao Ch
Hurricane Irma Evacuations Underway From Florida To The Carolinas
I hurriCAN'T w irma
Can't stop looking at this . So wild . Stay safe Florida & Caribbean friends .
wow thats crazy
If you bought out a store's generators to resell them for profit you should reevaluate your values . Humanity goes a long way #Hurricaneirma
Mother in law went to buy water all out black man gave her his case of water ! There are good people out there !
Florida Cancels Game Against Northern Colorado Because Of Hurricane Irma Deadspin
As we sit around worrying about " when #Irma makes landfall " ... It already has . A whole world exists beyond our sh
If you are a data nerd you've noticed a difference in the Hurricane models . US vs European hint US had budget cuts
Why aren't my grandparents evacuating Florida like they're supposed to ? Nooo ! I don't want anymore people hurt ! #hurricaneirma
I cant trust this tweet and yall know why .
Hurricane Irma Aftermath of #HurricaneIrma mass destruction
If you look at Mann's explaination he only gives his opinion and not one fact supporting it is ever mentioned .
Power outage on Providenciales Turks & Caicos now ? #Irma #IrmaHurricane #turksandcaicos
#LALATE #BREAKINGNEWS #HurricaneJose #ProjectedPath Becoming #Category4 Behind #Irma ! #HurricaneJose2017
Friends Tomorrow by sunset is the last chance to decide to evacuate FL due to #irma by Sat . storm conditions will be too bad .
Thousands of cruise ship passengers dropped off in Miami ahead of Hurricane Irma
Calm before the storm #HurricaneIrma
The irony of this is insane come from you . You can't spell the first word of your reply right . Eat dick bitch . Enjoy Irma .
Its great to have a good game on TV when trouble named #Irma is barrelling down on you . Sports doing what they were intended to do .
Ive made a donation for Harvey victims just this week ! Im now waiting till Sunday for IRMA here in Florida .
The latest The architect design Daily ! Thanks to COTE #architecture #irma
We have a man with the vocabulary of a 3 year old representing this country . Are we serious ?
hurricane irma striding straight through orlando ocps ok but that's still not excuse for not having your work done on time #HurricaneIrma
New images show the destruction Hurricane Irma has caused in the Caribbean #VMVideos
Florida will be shutting down both nuclear power plants soon . Directed evacuations have been announced in Florida .
None of my packages are being shipped out because of hurricane Irma
The latest infrared satellite loop of #HurricaneIrma with the eye just south of the Turks & Caicos Islands . Categor
Lemme stop i forgot irma was coming through
See Hurricane Irmas Devastating AftermathIn Video
Warning Cat 5 Hurricane #Irma Cat 3 Hurricane #Jose Cat 1 Hurricane #Katia #Hurricane
Cirvante zero Plot twist Get so drunk that he gets on flight Irma .
Fake Irma Video Explodes Online The Weather Channel
Irma is a great storm the best . I look forward to welcoming it to Mar a Lago in a few days . #wehavethebiggeststorms
No money for FEMA no EPA regulations . No belief in climate change . Limbaugh saying Irma is a Liberal plot . Now ...
Evacuated to Orlando from FtL today . Got off 95 at PGA took US1 . No traffic and gas was pretty easy to come by north of Ft Pierce . #Irma
News man in Florida keys decides to stay on boat during hurricane Irma Baba he's so stupid ... they should arrest his ass ! #JustBabaThings
What radio station does NBC 6 partner with ? #hurricaneirma2017
RT SkyNews " Climate change and hurricanes Is Irma a sign of things to come ?
Urk . The latest forecasting model calls for Hurricane Irma to hit my area on Monday after trashing Florida to hell and back .
Barbuda needs will need it . They got hit by Irma & they're about to get hit by another major hurrican
Kind of creepy to watch laugh at some Florida guy's plan to ride out #HurricaneIrma
I'm about to get rekt by Irma pls notice me before I die
If you want to donate for victims of Harvey or Irma donate direct . DO NOT DONATE TO RED CROSS . The exec doesn't even know what % goes where
I hope you stay safe through #Irma and hope you stay out of harm's way .
How stupid is that !
This is scary af
Here are the latest need to know facts about Hurricane Irma as it heads toward Georgia . Share this post with your ...
so sad pls keep those being hit and those that will be hit by these storms in your prayers
Devastation in the Caribbean as #Irma Heads Toward Miami . Two residents say St . Maarten is destroyed .
Important Hurricane #Irma information about when #USNavy personnel should evacuate
Join 8 people right now at " Space Station Crew Sees Hurricane Irma's Power from Orbit Photos Video " #cheers
They took his phone again
will you be allowing General Contractors to pull Roof permits to reroof properties damaged by Hurricane Irma
Kudos to all the journalists making sacrifices to work through this storm for us . #HurricaneIrma
If you knew you'd be ok this would be quite the show #StormChasers
Holy cow ! This is incredible ! !
Radio Garden Observer Radio 91.1 FM Listening to #Barbuda woman describe ordeal during #HurricaneIrma . #EVACUATE
Climate change is the reason we've been having these fucking storms you piece of shit
Coastal South Georgia colleges and universities start closing and evacuating as #Irma prepares to make landfall . #p2
News > Gov . Scott Irma could ' catastrophically devastate ' Florida Gov ..
here's you a smile . Harvey and Irma Married 75 Years Marvel at the Storms Bearing Their Names
Remember to pray to the One True God of the Hebrew Scriptures for those already having experienced Hurricane Irma & those in it's path .
UPDATE A spokesperson with says a message about Friday's school closures will go out momentarily . #HurricaneIrma
These damn hurricanes causing chain reactions . Now #Phoenix and the burbs are about to face a dust storm . #HurricaneIrma #HurricaneJose
Gov . Rick Scott Irma is a big storm and we must be prepared has been added to my site . Please visit for details .
WSBTV reports WATCH LIVE BradNitzWSB is answering your questions about #HurricaneIrma Join him on our Facebook
#Irma everybody needs to get out of Florida
Stopping to rest tonight and continuing tomorrow to escape hurricane Irma . Still hasn't hit Florida but don't want to be here when it does .
WSBTV reports . BradNitzWSB says #Irma potential to bring a 1 3 ft rise in ocean level in St . Marys to Brunswick
YAK WHAT THAT MEANS . NO SCHOOL
My fear and sadness for the people affected by Harvey and Irma is mixed with anger that we have wasted so much time
A sincere thank you ti Prime for getting all our #hurricaneirma supplies right on time .
Wow ! This is scary . Praying for everyone in it's path .
Stay safe everyone evacuating Florida ! Hurricane Irma How dangerous is the devastating storm ?
Give me that Irma Barber Say less
this is fucking wild please read this
IRMA IS A SIGN TO GET RIGHT WITH GOD
Monster Hurricane Irma impacts in St . Thomas US Virgin Islands Sept 6 ... via
Hialeah is keeping taps on Irma while I and turn on the outside ligh
when you was hoping irma was gonna take a turn but the bitch going straight through florida
Irma . me as a name of huracan .
Not going to TN anymore . Decided to book a hotel in Fort Benning in GA . Going to visit some places where it all began . #Irma
Remember to take your registration and insurance card out of your vehicle ! ! ! #Irma
Has Rush Limbaugh agreed to meet Irma one on one ?
1.2 million people ' battered ' by Irma Red Cross million people ' battered ' by Irma Red ...
Me at every new Irma update
Packing for Jamaica let's try this trip again kuz hurricane Harvey stop me last week . Praying Irma and Jose don't fuck this one up !
ISIS Supporters Celebrate Hurricane Irma " May Allah Drown the Enemies of Islam "
#FentyBeauty #nflse Nordea #opinionlive #klimatanpassning2017 #nordicjs Irma David Lagercrantz Djurgrden D 34
This is absolutely disrespectful on so many levels .
Fl braces for Hurricane Irma .
Good luck to riding out Irma
this breaks my heart
EDITION . IRMA . New Jersey National Guard responds to Hurricane Irma . #HurricaneIrma #Irma #NewJersey
I got cheerio I got soups
UPDATE City of Miami Beach says they're out of sandbags #HurricaneIrma
This is fascinating and scary
This gives a good perspective in how fast #HurricaneIrma is moving
$ 75 to Harvey Relief . $ 75 to Irma relief . I challenge everyone to do what you can
The wheels on the bus won't be working tomorrow tough reality for Central Florida #hurricaneirma #ugh
What's worse some fuckweed plans to ride out Irma in his 50ft boat . I just heard that .
Yes but they won't be laughing abt #hurricaneirma2017 bc it will mainly affect white ppl #auspol
Hurricane Irma how the storm got so big intense and scary Vox
Category 3 Jose following Irma
Glad u get to see the family . I'll be getting a visit from Irma .
Hey if any state is going to make a houseboat plane it's Florida .
Irma making Jacksonville banishments increase your likeliness of death by like at least 69 illion times greater
Millions will hear " Mandatory Evacuation " Friday Sept 8 #Hurricane #HurricaneIrma #hurricaneirma2017 #Irma
We're going to leave if we can get out . Y'all light a candle or something .
In Western NC I wouldnt be scared but I would be apprehensive . It will probably be down to only tropical storm
Y'all . Cuba was awesome . Irma is not . En route to the states and sending good vibes to all in her path .
Yeah but my God is biggest
Everything We Know About the Air Forces Secret Space Plane That Just Launched
I feel badly that Justin has to spend so much time sending us thoughts for our disasters Harvey Irma Donald Trum
Where the fuck was i in 2010
Van Gogh predicted this a long time ago ! #Irma & Andrew vs #StarryNight
We are freaking out here in Orlando #irma
i hate to be sucha buzzkill but like i dont find jokes about harvey or irma like ... im home worried if my house is gonna blow over ...
#Paris #Weather Hurricane Irma shatters multiple records Paris AFP Hurricane Irma rampaging across the Caribb
Irma Category 5 Jose Category 3 Katia Category 1 Stay safe out there everyone .
The world has been going through some crazy shit ...
Canadians trapped in Hurricane Irma's path TracyTongCTV reports
Irma is hitting trumps carribian home . FIRST OF ALL WHAT ?
Pro Surfer Dies While Trying to Surf Hurricane Irma " Mega Swell "
Does this crook think I'm gonna give him money ?
When is a good time to start freaking out about Irma ? Asking for a friend
Moun k ap pale mal yo si se yon moun k ap enfme l #Haiti #Irma
How one nonprofit is empowering people with disabilities in Hurricane Irma's path
P3 won't go back to sleep . I'm sat at end of her bed reading the #hurricaneIrma news . So worried for
Would you #Ride out #HurricaneIrma In #WestPalmBeach #Florida A #friend will be . Should she #Leave #Weather #Help #RT #Wunderground #USOpen
1995 1998 and 2010 . but now we have better technology to stay updated about it and help those affected by it so pl
So is Irma actually going to hit Virginia like it shows
The latest The Da ni El Daily ! Thanks to laughs #hurricaneirma
Pinellas co FL evacuation zone A ; zone B & C likely begin evac tomorrow ty for info local govt friends . #HurricaneIrma
Players and staff of the Florida Panthers are heading to Boston ahead of Hurricane Irma .
Sad but this was incredibly fucking dumb . Teen Surfer Dies While Riding Waves During Hurricane Irma via
Assigned to a global readiness force program today . If Irma Jose and Katia are bad enough . I'll be out there in flood waters saving ppl
My dad feels strongly about this hurricane .
Hi Betty ! Thanks for the Irma updates very helpful . You represent your station in 5 star fashion and let's pray for safety !
Warframe Dominguez
No . I reject this reality and choose to replace it with my own . #Irma2017 #Jose2017 #Katia2017 #NopeNopeNope
Tweeting this out a lot over next few days From COMET Meted Website This shows storm surge & wind for cat 1 to cat
CNN Trump fails to stop Irma or negotiate a lower category of storm .
I liked a video Everything You Need to Know About Hurricane Irma
Can't wait to go do dumb shit #HurricaneIrma
Irma a bitch
Hurricane Irma Update Governor Scott Closes All K 12 Public Schools State Colleges State Universities & State Offices through Mon 9 11
This what #Irma will look like Sunday morning . A direct hit to & South FL #FLPrepares
PLEASE HELP ! TRANSPORT THIS WEEKEND WE NEED TO GET BUTTONS OUT OF HURRICANE IRMA'S PATH ! ! $ 75 IS ALL WE NEED TO ...
The World's Most Accurate Weather Model Predicts This For Hurricane Irma > via
God Bless my President hi from Puerto Rico #hurricaneirma2017 #MAGA
#IRMA hitting hard . Hoping for the safety of everyone's families friends neighbors and pets .
Hurricane Irma coming at Florida like
The only good thing to come from Irma .
Washington Couple Survives Hurricane Irma In The Virgin Islands pls RT
These 5 presidents are showing dignity compassion and class ! They care about America
Currently in Tampa FL #LoveFL #Irma #Scared #Hurricane #evacuation #TampaFL
Maybe it's time the deniers will realize ... ?
PHOTOS Ill prepared Haiti tries to cope with #HurricaneIrma
I hope you're on a high floor .
Unit 1 Test moved to next Wednesday OR one day after we return to school . Stay safe Go Canes ! Irma Gerrd !
After the Hispaniola induced climb IRMA is back on it's steadier course of modest latitude gain .
Just so you know if it stays on the predicted path below then it might be a little bit rougher here tha
Links to oxfam UNICEF and a Puerto Rican based org How To Help Hurricane Irma Victims
A Delta Flight Beat Hurricane Irma Out of San Juan Airport and It Was NBD WIRED
Let's pray for Florida & against hurricane Irma . Come in let's get serious . I have many friends in that beautiful s
This tells me Sulu has no filter between right and wrong . His tiny little brain associates anything to a Trump and
Amazing selfless act ! Wow .
Irma making mo pensive & reflective . Not sure I like this . Stay safe be prepared & stay in touch with your mom ! ! A
Irma Under a warrant and need shelter ? Polk sheriff says go to jail via r news
Omg I want them to be as lucky as we . Irma go away please !
Update from Disney Hurricane Irma Update for Walt Disney World September 7 2017 Walt Disney World Resort is ...
Awesome Stay Safe !
Floridians jam highways to flee the wrath of Hurricane #Irma
got fam back home in FL . Could you do a size comp to Andrew on the news 2nite . Lol nervous bout Irma . TYVM
Hurricane Irma ur doing amazing sweetie
Lowe's is out of plywood OSB . No surprise . #Irma
Not going to lie I am dreading and hoping for the next #HurricaneIrma update . My anxiety is starting to take hold which is never good .
How one nonprofit is empowering people with disabilities in Hurricane Irma's path Mash
Al Roker is upset that Rush called out those politicizing the weather . He resembled that remark . #WXtruth
#IrmaHurricane2017 Comparison of Andrew vs IRMA She's a big ole witch
Dr Mahathir Anwar #ITMovie Hurricane Irma The Star Online 2017 9 8 09 37 08 #trndnl
#CNN interviewed a guy in #Florida who is going to stay on his boat for hurricane #Irma me thinks there will be 1 less #Trump voter by Sat
Ya I can tell also please take care of ur mental and physical health during hurricane Jose and Irma
Father God be with the people that have been hit by Irma
Florida Highway Patrol officers escort fuel trucks through Florida as gas supplies run low ahead of Hurricane #Irma .
Just got the Robo call . The Governor of Florida has just cancelled school for the entire state of Florida through 9 11 #Irma
Barbuda Totally Demolished After Hurricane Irma Levels 90 % Of All Dwellings via
Irma ruined game day
Here's what the Caribbean islands directly in Hurricane Irmas path looked like after the storm
Irma better kill me quickly .
Still confused as to how cases of #plastic water will save you from a drowning . Anywho . changed #hashtag to #Hurricanes instead of #Irma
thank you so much love .
#Rubio People are running out of time to prepare for Irma #HurricaineIrma #Florida
Come down to Tampa after #HurricaneIrma
Comparison between the devastating Andrew in 1992 and Irma .
Impact Team Sports ' retail operations will be closed on Fri Sep 8 2017 . We urge everyone to prepare smart or travel safe #staysafeFL #irma
This man actually has fucking issues
How Zoo Miami Will Protect Animals From Hurricane Irma's Wrath in Florida
Holy cow this is pretty epic all things considered .
Hurricane Irma NEW TRACK ! #irma watch Moving to East coasts according to this weather guy
Irma kills 10 in battered Caribbean which is in a ' rush against time ' before the next storm #Washington #Post #ne
WATCH Island of Barbuda heavily affected by Hurricane Irma via #World #News
isn't that our take on gun control ? i'm confused .
The latest Koky Arroyo Daily ! Thanks to #irma #video
Although Hurricane Irma is happening thousands of miles away local residents are being affected . Find out how on at 10
Fire Chat app lets you communicate WITHOUT mobile service . Download now ! #HurricaneIrma #florida
Irma or not Im going skating on Sunday
Y'all worried about Irma but don't forget about Jose
The staff at Havana Harry's are at a standstill #HurricaneIrma #Irma #miami
The Cone of Uncertainty sounds like a Donald Trump hat
It's what she deserves .
Hurricane Irma new category a " once in a while storm " . We should get used to it .
So scary . Stay safe ! ! !
Social media please panic about Irma Me hmm what to name my new blog ?
We underestimated Hurricane Irma and now look at us Floridians . We have summoned Irmados
I would worry more about GOP blue eyes w ID like judge JoeBoeckmann around the criminal
You are full of good news tonight ! Must admit I appreciate your call it like it is a
the hurricane that swallowed florida ? this comparison is quite something .
LITERALLY right over UCF wow anyone got a spare school I could use post hurricane
In the pitiful small number of years we've been able to measure and record such things it should be said
pray for me & everyone still in florida who about to get hit by irma
Traffic Nightmare as More Than 1 Million Flee Irma in Florida Georgia Transport Topics
I hope that all of the people in the path of Hurricane Irma are safe and secure and have all of their needs
hurricane irma is gonna hit me like around saturday sunday
Much more impressive is Major Hurricane Irma to pummel Florida
Uh oh ... #HurricaneIrma #HurricaneIrmaTracking #Irma #Irma2017 #IrmaHurricane
In Florida Searching for Gas and Water and Watching Irma Eng
Go away Irma . That's it that did it . Hurricanes are no more .
If any idiots in FL were thinking of riding Irma out at home show them this
Never forget tRump wanted Puerto Ricanss deported during the election ! He didn't know they were US citizens !
The strongest hurricane ever recorded irma .
WATCH Hurricane Irma hit Barbuda like a ' bomb ' prime minister says via #World #News
I got my #snacks for #irma . I am going to ride this one out . #Lockdown starts #Saturday unless you are #evacuating . #Irma2017
6 Democrats still flogging Russia and their shitty new website
When you finally make it to that Florida Georgia line but projections say Irma is still coming your way
Irma is that driver in front of you . With there right blinker on . Not sure if there going to turn . Than bam they turn .
The rumors are true #irma #hunkerdown
Stay safe Miami & all of So Fla . One last beautiful night #Irma
This is killing me
RT MMAjunkie " Amanda Nunes keeps focus on UFC 215 title fight as Hurricane Irma threatens South Florida home
In I urge my colleagues 2 vote 4 funds so #SoFla can recover from #HurricaneIrma
#MONEY #IRMA FoxBusiness . AGPamBondi calls out Chevron Why are you gouging customers in #Irma's path ? FOX Bus
Hurricane Irma ' pummeling ' Turks and Caicos with powerful winds ABC News via
There is 3 hurricanes including Irma in the Atlantic right now .
This is hard to take in
Hurricane Irma approaches islands in eastern Caribbean will threaten U . S . via
#Mitzvahtank #HurricaneIrma is lit #MazelTov #irma #hurricane
This is a big deal Miami residents prepare for Hurricane Irma via
Even if Irma doesn't bring the heat to the Carolinas you all need to be watching out for Jose
First of all you're a stupid bitch . Second of all Katrina was 12 years
I took the liberty to care about this world as if it's mine . To care 4 it & to pray 4 it . It's 4 the honor of the king . #hurricaneirma2017
My college instructor is in Irma's path and I'm so worried . She's the sweetest woman and I hope that her and her loved ones will be okay .
Didn't take long for ignorant ppl to make #HurricaneIrma racist . Wth is a brown person anyways ? What u will do to h
Fuck you hurricane Irma
man I feel bad for Florida l . that shit ain't Irma that's hurricane Rasputia
One of the biggest U . S . states is under a historic storm crisis ... this is what's on CNN right now #maga #fakenews
Seriously #Irma piss off !
are you still doing yardage waste and garbage pickup on Friday 9 8 ? A lot of us trimmed trees to prep for Irma .
Climate change is a hoax
No words . #irma Kendall Florida
Florida shutting down its 2 nuclear plants ahead of Hurricane Irma
Hurricane Irma is a social gathering for us floridians
Not listening to is sound advice in any circumstance . If in the path of #irma listen to and
Floridians jam highways to flee Irma at 20 mph Floridians began a mass exodus on #news
Holy hell
Terrifying Satellite Photo Captures Hurricane Irma as It Destroys 90 % of Barbuda by via
You've got that right brother ! Not only active but the size and magnitude of Irma and Harvey are enormous .
Se pasan
Guys FSU is closed tomorrow and Monday so plan accordingly esp . those who might have family coming north to es
' The most terrifying experience of my life ' Quebecer recounts surviving Irma on Saint Martin
Driving from FL to ATL ? Bit of a break express lanes open w out need for pass #irma
#CentralFlorida keeping #Miami #FtLauderdale #Pompano and #SouthernFlorida in our thoughts . We're all getting a piece of #Irma . Stay safe .
I literally hate people sometimes ugh
#HurricaneIrma #TEXAS IS ALL SET UP ! ! TO TAKE YOU ALL IN ! ! WE LOVE A FULL HOUSE ! ! SAYS #RT
USO Thank you Kenny ! Growing concerns about Irma .
Devastated by the devastation . So much love for St . Martin . via
We don't need a nuclear war . We have Harvey Irma and now Jose .
EPA Chief Pledges to Secure Toxic Sites in Irma's Storm Path .
Hurricane Irma pummeled the BVIs .
flew My wonder mutt and I out of Irma's way with genuine care and service #deltarocks #thankyoudelta
No one plays Trump . He is superior at this game of manipulation .
Floridians be like #hurricaneirma2017
so this week everything has gone smoothly class wise but class got cancelled cause of irma
News everyone must evacuate Irma is a extremely dangerous Tourists at Disney with their infant who won't remembe
FYI FOR THOSE IN IRMA'S PATH If you are evacuating to a hotel motel and they say they DON'T accept pets ...
This warmer waters is a big issue with ferocity of storms .
Kenny . Pretty cool and heartfelt message about those affected by #HurricaneIrma .
Holy shit Gail has a Twitter . Best on the toilet discovery to date !
Perhaps u should b praying for those in Irma's path and finding out y u spelled " and
Waiting to see if your reporting to work like ... Stay safe during #HurricaneIrma my fellow Floridians .
Airbnb homes in north Florida and Georgia welcoming hurricane Irma evacuees for free
Good job local breweries .
Non customers will be able to renew their complimentary sessions every two hours . #Irma
#Irma has #Hose in tow and #Katia also joining . Take a look at recent live loop on NOAA
#hurricaneirma update THERE WAS DOGS EVERYWHERE AT THE AIRPORT ! ! ! I wanted to pet them all
Dear #HurricaneIrma Can u kindly go fk yourself ... Thank you in advance
Richard Branson holes up in wine cellar as Hurricane Irma batters his home via
TONIGHT AT 11 #Hurricane #Irma is churning towards #Florida and #CT fights to bring a second #Amazon HQ to the sta
We want to keep members informed during #HurricaneIrma bookmark our blog for up to date information .
With the giant prank that 16 17 has felt like I wouldn't be surprised if all of a sudden #Irma dissipated into nothing . #HuricaneIrma
This is a time when our nation should join together and pray #HurricaneIrma #HurricaneHarvey
she's a big girl
What if Hurricane Irma turns into a Sharknado ... Gatornado ... SnakeNado ?
#HurricaneIrma kept work busy & I couldn't enjoy my early access 2 ' s #Slowheart . Hopefully I'll hear it all live 2morrow nite !
If they ever make a We Are The World 2017 for Harvey & Irma please give Emma Stone a part in it
The sheriff tweeted We cannot and we will not have innocent children in a shelter with sexual offenders and preda
Escaped #HurricaneIrma ! Back in NY until it's clear to go back . Thoughts and prayers to those still stuck in its path
Word from the climate frontline . #Irma
David Glenn WTVC has an update on Hurricane Irma's movement and what it could mean for our area qua
My hometown is about to get destroyed by Irma
Us Cubans are very creative in a humorous way
RT AP " #AP10Things to Know for Fri . Irma kills at least 10 ; How Amazon plans to expand .
But isn't Irma a ruse to sell bottled water ? That's what Rush told us ...
wow i can't wait for my house to get absolutely demolished
What does it say about America's attention span when everything NFL is now trending and #Irma #HurricaineIrma are not listed tonight ?
I have a feeling they will be bored here .
Probably one of the few tweets from the current that I'll ever agree with much less share for that matter ...
as a devastating #hurricaneirma2017 is coming you are rehashing why #Hillary lost ! ! She sucked and was a terrible candidate
Fingers crossed that he was in it
The most powerful storm EVER . If you're a praying person PRAY . If you're in path of storm PREPARE . #HurricaneIrma
This is the way it's supposed to be people helping people who are in need of help . Thank you men and women
Diana Watson Fox Carolina here with the latest on Hurricane Irma and impact on the Carolinas and Georgia !
There was a group of Red Cross people arriving to Orlando to help in what is to come & I'm so grateful for people like that #RedCross #irma
im the caribbean
Ahead of Hurricane Irma Google Maps will Show Closed Roads in Real Time
I liked a video LIVE FOOTAGE OF HURRICANE IRMA HEADING FOR FLORIDA CAT 5
i want to cry oh my god irma is fucking twice as big as andrew and andrew fucking destroyed us oh my god
Praying you and your family are safe from hurricane Irma .
Coming right for my family . Fantastic .
I heard that people are preparing for hurricane Irma by shooting and doing that orb thing that Goku does at it . I wish I was born in the US
Woooo boy it's lit
don't ever editorialize about the about the limits of geography education in Tennessee schools
but is the game still on ? ?
And the gouging continues ...
Why Hurricane Irma Could Hurt a Lot Much Lies in Harms Way via
Well ... evacuees are are running outta gas on I 75 running from this #HurricaneIrma
yeah just go straight through orlando no biggie
irma found the hole
Ministry of Foreign Affairs Paying Close Attention to Hurricane Irma
God bless and save #HurricaneIrma people .
Minneapolis News Irma Looms as the Mythical ' Big One ' Florida Has Long Feared
Thank you for your continued support ! Let's not forget about Texas as Irma hits . We have LOT
If I would have had him I would have played him cause the Chiefs dont have poe anymore
ofccadjust RT realDonaldTrump I encourage EVERYONE in the path of #HurricaneIrma to heed the advice and orders of
Hurricane Irma Causes Near Total Destruction To Small Caribbean Island PHOTOS #TCOT #MAGA
SHARKNADO ! ! sorry the previous mistake
Thoughts & prayers to those in the path of #HurricaneIrma . Go to
If half of your heart is in Havana nah nah nah you need to be give give giving some $ $ $ to Cuba for rebuild Cabello #hurricaneirma
Miami is in the ' worst possible position ' Eye of the storm has shifted as Irma barrels towards ... qua
Claim Big Oil Must Pay for Harvey and Irma
Disney and More Hurricane Warning Force 5 Hurricane Irma Should Hit Walt Disney World Sunday Around 8 A . M ! ! !
MIAMI Ultra Luxury Real Estate #OceanSkyHomes & TEAM US Download Florida 511 app for vital roadway info during an
#FridayFeeling Can you take a few minutes out of your day and pray for Americans who are about to have their lives changed by #HurricaneIrma
Hurricane Irma could create one of the largest mass evacuations in U . S . history
I've been offline all day . What are your thoughts on Charleston ? #Irma
Me when I found out Irma is coming above a category 3
This is great we need more people like him
I'm raising money for Help Tampa prepare Hurricane Irma ! . Click to Donate via pls help us in FL prepare !
Cameraman almost wiped out by Irma's waves Local news cameraman Jose Antonio Beato was shooting footage in Na ...
Bro looking at the Hurricane Irma radar is giving me nightmares
If you drive with your hazards on I hope Irma hits you square in the asshole .
fuck u irma suck my ass tbh
All schools universities closed in the state of Florida ? Alright alright I see you Irma
Hurricane blow to Packer resort
Nobody cares
Everything you need to know about Hurricane Irma WP
Nearly 540 000 people have been ordered to flee the Georgia coast ahead of Irma's arrival
So please #DefendDACA protect Dreamers donate to those affected by Harvey and Irma both within and outside the U . S . & Trump ! ! !
Praying for those in the path of hurricane Irma
StateDept Information for U . S . citizens affected by #HurricaneIrma at home and abroad . Stay safe and be prepared !
Huge Construction Cranes Loom Over Miami as Irma Threatens As Hurricane Irma threatens to pound Miami with wi ...
As long as they are full American citizens right ? Cuz thats what you consider human ? Though humans
National News DIRECT HIT FOR SUNSHINE STATE ? Irma's projected path shifts west ; Florida more firmly in crossha ...
StateDept For U . S . citizens overseas needing assistance after #Irma email Provide full name gender last kno
StateDept We urge U . S . citizens who are in areas affected by #HurricaneIrma and are safe to contact loved ones .
Concern grows over Hurricane Irma
Hi everyone my grandma & I were worried about Hurricane Irma in
The more I watch Irma the more I'm just sick .. please watch over my family
Write a $ 1 000 000 000.00 personal check Willy and a big one to #Haiti then go the hell away ... crook ... and take y
Yes it is because now is when the effects are in front of everyone and they can connect the dots because Pruitt was
Btch Publix was EMPTY today Irma is really coming #hurricaneirma2017
Florida We ready for this hurricane Irma
Hurricane Irma after it passed over St.Thomas Caribbean via
Live video from 5 hours ago in Turks and Caicos #HurricaneIrma
New post " Here's how big Hurricane Irma is compared to Florida "
So I have a question . When a hurricanes happen like #HurricaneIrma do people in jail get evacuated ? Or they just
These Floridians Survived Hurricane Andrew . Now They Must Prepare For Irmas Fury .
Great explanation of the current situation with hurricanes Irma Jose and Katia . Nice job Alan Sealls and
Watch Trump suddenly be interested in aid for the Caribbean .
Follow for damage photos from the British Virgin Islands
Harvey and Irma could unleash swarms of disease carrying bloodsuckers
Can they BREATHE
Irma " who tryna get scooped ? " Me " bitch I'm tryna die I'll send you my addy " #mood
Beef What did that fucking irma do to your beard dude ?
RT biblewords 3 Video 2 residents from St . Martin describe Hurricane Irmas destruction . " We have nothing left . "
When you're trying to run away from Hurricane Irma but then there's a shooting at the airport
I was married to Irma and it was a nightmare . God Bless the people of Florida anythin
' We Can't Save You ' Florida Governor's Dire Warning for Residents in the Path of Hurricane Irma
Who tf is Irma that's a distraction the real news is that 2k18 prelude dropping tonight
LIVE AT 9 The latest track on Hurricane Irma . This pic shows a size comparison between Irma and Andrew
The calm before Irmageddon . . . . #mariposa #butterfly #flowers #irma #irmageddon #hurricaneirma
HAHA little bit crude to be sure but man that is hilarious !
Holding up signs about weathering strong storms show how incredibly unseriously residents of #Florida are taking warnings about #IRma
I know you may not have much else to do right now but even after Irma you have the passion & dedic
News " Irma will hit Georgia " me thinking about Irma trying to take my dog
I added a video to a playlist Live footage as Hurricane Irma destroys Maho Beach Cam in St Maarten
irma hits sunday & electricity will go out and I probably will have no cellular network so I won't prob be on fUCK
That's not good looks like Irma's going to take I 95 to I 75 all the way to Atlanta
Thinking of all my Floridian's friends . Praying everyone be safe for the hurricane Iruma . #HurricaneIrma #Florida #besafe
Whoa ! This is not one to ride out . #irma #teamHARDright #surelytheresaroguenoodlegoingeast
Bet they've weathered a lot
Nothing to the devestation of the coast or what could happen with Irma . But we're 300 odd miles inland too .
Pray for us here in Orlando hurricane Irma is coming right through the middle of us . 80 120 mph winds or greater .
Hello Hurricane God Please quell and send Irma off shore so it causes no or as little damage possible . Thank You
I'm tryna get my waves lookin like Hurricane Irma .
From Miami to Atlanta #Irma Think Tank
pls RT Compiled by military Mom & family therapis & her son who endured 5 hurricanes themselv
The latest Peculiar Perspective News ! Thanks to #hurricaneirma #harvey
Some workers risk being fired if they evacuate for Hurricane Irma
Some workers risk being fired if they evacuate for Hurricane Irma Via . com
Follow live as Hurricane Irma hits Caribbean Shocking force .
Hurricane Irma track LIVE NOAA latest update as models show DIRECT path to Florida
This is in both local Indiv & & larger disaster like #Harvey #irma Ppl telling us what they need not our cute ide
Why did this make me think of y'all and your jokes about my forehead kilroy
Caribbean islands hammered by Hurricane Irma's wrath
To everyone in Florida that will be affected by #HurricaneIrma stay safe
i'm about to fucking cry this is so soft
hurricane Irma coming bring all your forces together for us down here too
The latest Education News Africa ! Thanks to #niger #irma
All the living former U . S . presidents rally to help hurricane victims via
Anytime ain't anytime no more now I have to workout at home fuck #irma
I pray everybody affected by Irma comes out okay
All Florida public schools will be closed Friday & Monday ahead of #HurricaneIrma . Some locations may be used as sh
All my high school friend and the rest of my friends in Florida plz stay safe and check in after Irma
Lets name every hurricane Hurricane Scott Pruitt from now until it is time to talk about climate change .
Nah didn't you hear ? Irma's been cancelled
A Business Continuity Plan BCP is the best way to protect your #business during a hurricane . #Irma
Irma and Jose was probably fucking n she got made that he asked her to get an abortion now she wanna take it out on us n he tryna calm ha
My lovely #beardeddragon Derrick wants everybody to stay safe . #Irma #Florida #Georgia #Carolinas #reptile #lizard
Sean Hannity can't be bothered to do a live show covering #Irma so FOX News inserts live segments into his taped sh
Take this seriously
Thank you for serving our nation in this time of need #NVTF1 .
Devastation in the Caribbean as Irma Heads Toward Miami by FRANCES ROBLES KIRK SEMPLE and VIVIAN YEE
The latest Weather Plus 24 ! Thanks to #irma #hurricaneirma
Many Floridians race to outrun Irma as others hunker down
BRO THERE ARE 3 DEVASTATING HURRICANES WDYM NOT TALK ABOUT CLIMATE CHANGE
Please stay safe everybody ...
The #EuropeanModel projected path into #Florida . #HurricaneIrma
Praying for Ozarks family and friends in the Bahamas and Florida #hurricaneirma2017
RT valuewalk " President Trumps and Richard Bransons Caribbean homes destroyed by Hurricane Irma MarketWatch
Watch a Delta flight race Hurricane Irma into and out of Puerto Rico
Monstrous Hurricane Irma kills 14 in Caribbean heads for Florida Via #topnews
oh come on I can't take another week of this Blackman hype
A warmer ocean makes a warmer atmosphere a warmer atmosphere can hold more moisture "
Is Epstein's Island In Irma's Path Too ?
Fam of 4 stuck in Turks Caicos . Got out but got #PriceGouging #HurricaneIrma #JetBlue
hold the fuck on ...
Yeah that's not scary or anything
It is great we are coming together to help so many people . " Experts have been clear " is probably the best sentence
Floridian SIU student shares family's plan for Irma
Again key point . Not all Cat 4s and 5s are equal . #Irma is already bigger than those two and if trends hold could
Hurricane Irma Advisory 35A Irma Pummeling the Turks and Caicos Islands .
I added a video to a playlist Hurricane Irma videos on Instagram
I don't want hurricane Irma to hit Florida but ooooooo do I want it to fuck up trumps Mar a lago in palm beach
What scares me more in the back of my mind is what if Jose follows right behind Irma and hits us again
Great news ...
holy crap !
Thursday Night Irma
Dominicans don't take shit serious
All good but worried about the people in the path of hurricane Irma
I know it IS however OUR reality that NEEDS 2B addressed by INTELLIGENT PEOPLE who don't require conspiracy theori
Meanwhile ...
We will all remember who we are .. Americans except for that left bunch of morons who have been taught otherwise .
Right ? I see people who live off soda and Starbucks and suddenly they need 20 cases of water ?
Amanda Nunes keeps focus on UFC 215 title fight as Hurricane Irma threatens South Florida home
Highly recommend this Tropical Tidbits Thursday Evening Irma a Potentially Catastrophic Threat
Holden Prayers sent to you and everyone in Irma's path .
We Have Nothing Left Islanders Survey Irmas Destruction Video
Oil dips on fears Hurricane Irma could hit crude shipments rising Libya #Libya #Feb17
Risky Scary Nuts !
American Red Cross sending local assets to southeast ahead of Irma
Help The Pokmon Evolutionaries survive Irma medical bills via
I will say a for your friend & the Animals ! Irma is a very serious Hurricane one of the worst
When you have sunny all week and Rick Scott cancels school because of Irma
Video Hurricane Irma Devastates Island Of Barbuda Practically Uninhabitable #GeneralNews
Video Hurricane Irma strengthening off U . S . East Coast
2017 is a really long year
Was able to get another comic strip done today . But I won't be working on comics tomorrow since I'll be at a hotel to escape from Irma .
This isn't even irma and my mom freaked out . Keep in touch armys ! ! !
. com should not promise deliveries they cannot keep .. lives are at stake ! #hurricaneirma2017
I 75 North Alachua County near Gainsville FL #Irma Truckers with supplies in south bound lanes .
Add Florida to this cartoon . #hurricaneirma2017
As coach spitz would say " it's a beautiful day in the valley "
Game cancelled guys #Irma #FSU #ACC #Noles
Hurricane Irma Pummels Caribbean and Churns Toward Florida via
okay guys if we all line up along the east coast line and say Jesus Irma is gonna disappear ... let's do it
What real Presidents do in times of humanitarian need .
Rp awareness #Irma another manmade #hurricane #weathermodification
so school got canceled on Monday too which means a 4 day weekend ! ! Shoutout to Irma for being terrifying but getting us out of escuela
Why didn't they just drive off the island ?
Meteorologists predicting which way Irma is going
Omarri Originally an island but Irma may have fixed that up ... so either buenas aries or Santiago
You trying to Irma and chill ?
US $ 15.6 M insurance payout for Irma hit Caribbean islands
my brother is stuck in Orlando in traffic heading to Atlanta to avoid Irma
Speaker of the House
Did you just assume Irma's category ?
Bad from a compassionate human perspective but pretty cool with my weather geek hat on .
LIVE More than a dozen dead in Hurricane Irma
Long Lines Crowded Airports Across Florida pls RT #CBS4NewsEvening #Evacuations #Irma
Shut the Doors on Hurricane Irma IBHS
My thoughts are with everyone in Puerto Rich impacted by Irma . PR is our home away from home !
The case against dumbass automated tweets #HurricaneIrma
The gov did close all universes through Monday
Take headed of . Michael Scott
Florida will always have a special place in my heart . Lord please keep everyone safe .
#news #fukushima Hurricane Irma wont damage nuclear power plants say officials
Boycott Delta Airlines ! ! ! Their prices for flights out of Florida skyrocketed due to hurricane Irma ! ! ! SPREAD THE MESSAGE
lol they fucked gg
Perspective . Always trust your gut . Glad I evacuated & am safe . Thoughts w all who are trying to " bunker " down
The latest The Panorama Daily Petrichor ! Thanks to #html5 #irma
So that's what presidents are supposed to sound like . Huh .
zip it ... stop the lies and fearmongering . delete ur delta tweet .
Airlines scramble roads fill in rush to get out ...
Enjoyed this VegaFina Aejado 7 Aos this morning while waiting out for Irma to clear La
This is insane ! ! ! I absolutely stand with the #NRA !
Irma need to relax
Airlines scramble to evacuate residents ahead of Hurricane Irma ABS CBN News ABSCBNNe
Irma is BBW ! She is the size if Texas !
Not if Irma gets to me first
I want to make sure that everyone doesn't lose sight of Harvey's impact on Houston now that you're concentrating on Irma in Miami .
Floridians jam highways to flee wrath of Hurricane Irma
Hurricane Irma how the storm got so big intense and scary via
Price gauging going on #HurricaneIrma SHAME ON YOU ! 735 NW 12th Ave Miami FL 33136 Report any price gouging 866 9 NO SCAM
Thanks Republicans for kicking the infrastructure can down the road for 20 years to make popular tax cuts . Irma damage is on you .
Updated for correct number . Thank you !
foxnews Great article foxnews The Chieftain Press was just talking about Haiti and #hurricaneirma
im doing well preparing for irma and getting used to my new work schedule so ive been busyy haha much love to you brother
I just read that my city could stay out of the direct path of Irma I sure hope so . Praying for those in south Florida though
Earlier my mom said that she started calling hurricane Irma the Irmacane and told me what to say if I tweeted about it
I'm as liberal as they get but could we plz just be fellow humans save politics till after #irma pas
Yeah ... we're screwed . If this is my last weekend #FuckTrump #NastyWomenRule #FightForWomensRights
Meet Harvey and Irma . They've been married 75 years .
Shame on you
Pets are family too ! Get ahead of your disaster planning with these tips from Nationwide Pet #Irma
Pilot with balls of steel flies into 200mph Hurricane Irma to track its path Via . com
This bitch irma is just gonna fuck everything up
Irma . Irma is a motherfucker
We need your help ! is holding a donation drive w for people hit by Harvey & Irma . Details here
CNN RT AC360 Florida braces for Hurricane Irma ; Miami could talk a direct hit ; Jose strengthens to Cat 3
CNN Florida Keys residents debate merits of leaving vs . staying as #Irma churns towards Floridian coast
. If Irma is bad will you admit climate change is real then shut the fuck up and fuck off forever ?
Asinine comment by Rick Neuheisel to say that Miami Is avoiding Arkansas St . Look at Andrew compared to
Get them Hawks ! I'll be watching ISU & Irma ! !
Hurricane Irma is literally the size of Texas and my family in Miami doesn't want to evacuate ... they're talking bout 305 til i die
Hmm ' Hippie scarecrow ' I'm still processing that one ; are you going to San Francisco w flowers in your hair ? Mayb
The last flight out of the Bahamas just landed in Atlanta . We are SO glad to be out of #hurricaneirma2017 ' s path !
Thats right . we should have given the presidency when he won and maybe wed be on our way
So y'all telling me ODU can flood this bad ... yep I'm going home
If any followers are in affected areas of #IRMA please stay safe and leave area . You and your family are more important than property .
Irma ya te estoy sintiendo
Shit been going left ever since that eclipse . #SolarEclipse2017 #HurricaneHarvey #HurricaneIrma #HurricaneJose
Gov . Scott mandates all public schools colleges close Friday Monday #irma
Major Hurricane Irma likely to deliver destructive blow to Florida this weekend . Drudge .
Poor Clarence ! Or is that closer to Lockport ?
USCG Helicopter Video of St . Thomas after Hurricane Irma
This is Irma w Florida
All of us at The Relief Clinic are praying for friends and family's that are in the path of hurricane Irma . ...
I just can't stop thinking about Irma . All of my prayers are with you if you're in her path .
That's crazy . I can't imagine ...
Hurricanes like Irma were predicted 25 years ago .
oh so fuck me righhhht
Andrew struck day b4 my senior yr began . Watched that in horror . I cannot comprehend this size & what's to come .
Finally some good news
Great video to show students .
#HurricaneIrma say she doing 200 in a 60 fuck a ticket !
Almost all the shutters in . Everything above potential water level . Food and water stocked . Everything charging . Sigh we're ready . #Irma
This house is odeeee nice when i saw it
#PascoCounty #evacuation #shelter information stay safe for all in path of #hurricaneirma2017
You sha'll find me on my boat filled with lost dogs and opossums . #HurricaneIrma #BraceForTheCane What a time to be alive .
Waiting for Irma is giving me so much anxiety . I feel the breakdown coming
Stay safe ! #hurricaneirma2017
Unless a drastic change in Irma's course this should hold true .
hurricane Irma is as big as Texas so if you know you're gonna get hit by it stay safe & find shelter for u & your pets asap
Rush Limbaugh thinks Irma is a liberal conspiracy to get ratings for TV and sell groceries . Rush Limbaugh lives in Palm Beach .
Tune in at 11 . Our and is live from Ft . Lauderdale FL tracking Hurricane Irma #hurricaneirma2017
This can also describe restaurants in Florida during #HurricaneIrma .
Dude have you not been getting all the prayers about veering Irma away ? ? ?
It's a shame how much damage hurricane Irma has done.There is so much rebuilding and cleaning up to do #hurrricaneirma
Dutch authorities say looters with pistols and machetes roaming St . Martin Maarten after hurricane #irma . Nobody including tourists safe .
Full moon before the hurricane Irma
and by interesting you mean holy mary mother of god it's a monster
#DACA #Resist #Trump IT'S A SHIRT ! ! GET IT HERE #Irma survivor " It felt like the world was crashing in aroun
Line the east coast with religious repenters with megaphones and I'm sure Irma will put in her headphones and go ar
Not much of a praying man but my thoughts are with you and everyone else in Irma's path .
#2valg NRK sak #studentnach Siv Jensen #dax18 #ecprconf17 Premier League Jonas Gahr Stre Irma Florida 51
You're fine girl I was just confused because of that reason but now that Irma may come our way they
Damn bro was probably just tryna ride a gnarly wave
Damn .. most severe hurricane on record
Hurricane Irma St Martin before and after
Here's the steering flow that will pull #Irma northward then likely push it ashore . #scwx
RT TABR 31792 " RT TABR 31792 " RT TABR 31792 " RT TABR 31792 " RT MSNRealEstate " Irma could test strength of Flor
I bet the people in Florida be saying " No way Jose not another Hurricane . " Stay safe if you live in Florida ! #Florida #hurricaneirma2017
Climate Change FACTS IN THE Unprecedented Wildfires Unprecedented Hurricanes 2 developing Unprec
I think you can compete with a staff of all 4s .
Charlie Weis is flooding the set in support of Hurricane Irma
Hey twitter peeps . Anyone who has interest in extreme weather needs to follow this guy this weekend .
These are the type of countries who need our prayers support and donations more than anything
this almost makes up for fyre fest which i'm still not over how many fyre fest memes can we recycle post irma
Why we are awesome when we are facing the horror ? Let's be awesome always !
Bill ' No Science ' Nye gets basic science wrong 2 Falsely link Irma 2 global warming via
Great interview
Other historical south Florida major hurricanes have caused considerable damage .
Hurricane Irma slams into Trumps $ 17M vacation home New York Post #SmartNews
Irma has just been fucking up my whole week tbh .
IRMA SLAMS TURKS AND CAICOS ISLANDS
I think we forgot how detrimental Irma is ... Texas has Nucs ... in the path of Irma ...
Hurricane scientists have never seen an image like this before #SmartNews
Pro surfer 16 killed by Irma generated wave off Barbados
RT Compiled by military Mom & family therapist & her son who endured 5 hurricanes themselves in Fl
Double that .
Pray Irma takes a sharp right turn into the ocean after grazing Cuba In Yeshua's name Amen Amen
West Palm Beach Mayor Jeri Muoio talks about how the city is preparing for Irma via
Breaking News On Hurricane Irma
First time since 2010 for 3 hurricanes at once Trump .. stop being mean to people of the US and storms may stop !
Georgetown officials prepare for Hurricane Irma
Oh my effing god ! ! ! Like REALLY this is the biggest load that has dropped of late . Come into #TrumpUSA and learn t
sounds awful
you cancelled my dad's flight tomorrow RSW Florida to Toronto . He is now stranded with no options with #HurricaneIrma coming
Mayor talks about the preparations #WestPalmBeach is taking ahead of #Irma
My mom's name is Irma
Pissoff #irma . #northkorea needs you .
#Florida Sheriff Promises to Arrest Anyone With a Warrant Who Comes Looking for Shelter #Irma via
Wrap it up then ! ! !
LuLaRoe TRL #Carly #Irma #Julia
now its personal irma u cancelled the fsu game
Pray ! ! !
This is what we do in Ca with earthquakes and wildfires . Being ready helps keep people safe .
Hurricane Irma kills 5 as it sweeps through island of Saint Martin Reuters
One thing I've learned w keeping friends informed straight wind speeds convey nothing . Attach values to damage to convey threat . #Irma
Science has no words for a storm like Irma
CAT 5 Hurricane Irma Slams Turks & Caicos Island via
Chilling Live footage as Hurricane Irma destroys Maho Beach Cam in St Maarten 9 ... via
Software receiver tuned to 800 KHz . Receiver 1 100 miles away . Broadcasting to folks in the path of Irm
#Hurricane #Irma Broward County Emergency Hotline 311 or 954 831 4000 Broward County Homeless Helpline ...
FSU vs . Louisiana Monroe Football Game Cancelled Due to Hurricane Irma
Hoes be big for nothing
Love juxtaposed by destruction . Harvey and Irma married 75 years marvel at the storms bearing their names
That was a thing tornado ... wasn't Barbuda
#breakingnews #news You've got more questions about Irma ? We answer them
Well Irma has her sights set on us . We've got plenty of water food and a generator so hopefully we don't get blown away . #Hunkereddown
yeah uh can you hit like just me that would be great thanks irma
I'm sure if Mar A Lago survives Irma with NO Damage or any of the other Trump properties you will
In Miami waiting on #HurricaneIrma thoughts prayers w those in Caribbean as #HurricaneJose makes its way there .
thought my parents were being blase about irma but then my dad sent us his will with this note
When #HurricaneIrma gets your showing cancelled . #FLLife
Miami Dade opens four more shelters for Hurricane Irma
Pro surfer Zander Venezia dead at 16 following accident in Hurricane Irma swell New York Daily News #GN
Hurricane Irma Florida closes all schools universities ; Disney open ; airports closing
Join me in protection of all peoples in the path of Irma !
In tears ! ! Never know where your God send will come from !
Zee RT Compiled by military Mom & family therapist & her son who endured 5 hurricanes themselves in Flo
Heres how CFB teams are responding to Hurricane Irma
Irma is nearly 2.5 times bigger and 5 times more powerful than Andrew . Andrew did this to Miami
Fuck all these assholes .
Hoping Irma will wash them away .
Hurricane Irma Risks Immokalee residents face during storm
KMOV Steve Templeton with latest on Irma & your hurricane questions
Did I just see someone worried about losing their Duolingo sessions bc of Irma ?
Uh Oh .. the #Liberal will go after him .. like they did .. they like lawbreakers .. hoping for new
That's crazy smh
I'm thinking climate change deniers won't mind their tax $ paying for multiple $ 100 billion dollar disasters per year #HurricaneIrma
Hurricane Irma Wipes A Caribbean Island Off The Map
An interesting take on #hurricaneharvey2017 and #hurricaneirma2017 thanks to
RT Josh Barrage Florida Cuba brace for wrath of Hurricane Irma Ed Rappaport of NWSNHC and PJTobia report .
Please help us not only are we in dire financial need but now we are dealing with hurricane Irma
Remember this shot . It won't look like that when #Irma hits !
Sending many #Prayers to my fellow #Floridians #StaySafe #hurricaneirma2017
This video is unreal ... the destruction #Irma left behind ...
Category 5 storm already on it's way ! ! The biggest one recorded till date from the Atlantic ! #HurricaneIrma
me when Irma comes
Another game canceled by #Irma Florida State canning their game against Louisiana Monroe . #fnr
That's awesome . Thank you . Meanwhile is towing cars . How disgusting ? ! ?
A flight to FWA was the last one out of Punta Gorda before it closed down
I'm not trying to get political here but only two people in the entire US government have science degrees . Just saying . #hurricaneirma
RT SASsoftware How rare are Category 5 hurricanes ? #dataviz #HurricaneIrma #Irma via RobertAllison
It's shaping up to be pretty rough around here ...
Wow this is a horrible thing to wish upon anyone . They are truly sorry excuses for human beings . I don't think th
do y'all ever sit and wonder who names these things ? like is there some kind of vote ?
It's #official we will be closed starting Friday September 10th until #hurricaneirma has safely
So did Irma's .
I remember Wilma well . It was scary but exciting at the same time . While I am not in Florida Hurricane Irma scare
I hope everyone in South Carolina is taking necessary steps to stay safe with #Irma ! has helpful info if you need it !
Right here Irma ...
Also Irma hasn't made landfall yet so don't say 2 Hurricanes . That is the definition of fake news .
So relieved that Irma passed and that my PR family is safe and sound . Thinking of everyone that is being affected this hurricane season .
Fact Stand Your Ground Law applies to any trespassers so Irma better come strapped or she catchin this glock
Retweeted Dan Dyer The latest on Irma #pray
Irma is coming to visit
We pray Irma winds down . The GOP elites may have done you us wrong but your base supports you and
Me running way from Florida . #iwish #guesswhosstuck #HurricaneIrma
Gov Rick Scott Urges Residents to Prepare as Hurricane Irma Threatens Florida Breitbart via
I'm sure he'll make a fraudulent insurance claim for damages not even related to hurricane damage he'll profit from hurricane Irma
WHEN College is also closed on Monday ! ! #HurricaneIrma
Devastation in the Caribbean as Irma Heads Toward Miami Omg ! !
Love and safety to all my Florida homies . Irma is no joke please don't shrug this off & prepare yourselves . I love you . Be safe .
Retweet if you know anyone in Florida right now please
took $ 45 to fill my gas tank up . how dare u irma . so rude
A cute story amidst tragedy
#IRMA SLAMS TURKS & CAICOS ISLANDS Look Like A CAT 5 To You ? NO WAY ! ! ! via
Are we sure Irma didn't hit your #Brownies ?
Tommy said if Irma hits us bad we'll just drive up to Boston bihwhutt .
90 % of Barbuda is destroyed but they don't have Confederate statues so the right isn't so saddened .
This shit scary as fuck . Please be safe to all my friends out here in Lakeland and my new ones in Orlando and that
Watching the front door in Miami Beach while I'm in NYC . Sunny Isles will never be the same after this week . #irma
Would it not be better if your #God stopped the hurricanes altogether ? #irma
#LastWord Have to ask ... You think #HurricaneIrma coming to FL to visit Mar a lago ?
Ok ... need some good hurricane jokes I can text my sis . She needs the laughs abt now as Irma looms .
Red Cross prepared to respond to Hurricane Irma Canadian Red Cross
All of my Florida friends on twitter & fb with their posts about prepping for Irma is starting to give me anxiety . Please stay safe ! !
Interesting pattern of once every 25 30 years
I'll be damned if I die 2 days before my birthday puss ass hoe you better reschedule
Praying for all those affected by Hurricane Irma . Stay safe . Sending my love .
Still tripping at the report I read that storm hunters spotted Irma carrying sharks with it across the Ocean towards land nah FUCK DAT
But you wanted to cut FEMA's budget
If you two wanna head North to the Bolton of North Carolina there's a chicken salad sandwich with your name on it !
Florida schools & Universities to temporarily house evacuees in case anyone without budget to leave Miami city for Jose & Irma
Back off Irma ! #tbt in honor of a city so infamous and fabulous Miami is in my heart & soul
what is this ? Can you get one ?
if Irma fucks up disney world ima be so angry
I hope you're right my daughter is near Tampa . Irma is so big and strong I'm worried . You're staying ?
Not Just Florida Georgia And South Carolina Face " Catastrophic Storm Surge " #irmahurricane2017 #irma
Yes why don't we put it off until there are 6 hurricanes at once instead of just 3 & wait for 300 more forest fire
Bummer . Category 5 #HurricaneIrma heading directly at Trumps $ 28 million Caribbean mansion
U voted NO 4 HARVEY relief bc there was no $ for MILITARY ? IRMA is coming your way ! When SC needs $ will u vote NO ? STUPID !
#Delta flight flies where other fear to tread the ' outer band ' of Irma #BreakingNews
Sure Mr President there's no global warming ! !
Fuck you irma
So glad that my weekend doesn't include worrying about storm surge . Stay safe Florida ! ! #HurricaneIrma #Florida
A huge hurricane Irma is headed to Florida . Just the other day Texsas state suffered huge damage . Will president D . Trump still leave Paris .
Irma's already destroying shit and Jose is apparently Cat 3 now . So just fuck everything in this general area of th
Seeing my #knoxville in the line of #HurricaneIrma even as a cat 1 is heartbreaking . Stay safe y'all !
. you think this will work for me too ? ?
This world is really coming to an end .
Florida braces for direct hit as #HurricaneIrma with 175 mph winds closes in . Full updates
I'm hoping Irma is kind since it's as big as Ohio !
Has to pack for evacuation of Hurricane Irma . Packs all my & merch
ALL THE RAPPERS WHO REP IN THIER SONGS THE ISLANDS DEVASTATED BY #IRMA WHERE YALL AT ?
If #Chiefs beat #Patriots in the NFL season opener Hurricane Irma may turn away from the U . S . it abject fear of wh
This is going to suck . #HurricaneIrma
It won't but it might give those who lose their houses pause for thought . #Irma
Yup the last time it happened was 1893 ...
Canes Schools are closed Monday ! Stay safe informed & near loved ones ! Wishing you all safety through Irma !
They're hosting a couple of neutral field college games there Fri and Sat relocated due to Irma . Old ballpark but durable .
Everyone in Irma's path stay safe . Praying for you as well as Texas and the states out west who are experiencing fires .
When you hear Irma is coming for Mar a Lago ...
They are filth . Nothing but filth . They filthy animals
While I hope Hurricane Katya is not as awful as Harvey and Irma I am looking forward to all the zamo memes gifs and photoshopping
Im racist ? Lmaoooooo good luck with Irma
I was listening to today and they gave Hurricane Irma a nickname Irmageddon . Sad but fitting ! #HurricaneIrma #irmageddon
I change my mind about Irma each hour at 3 pm I was figuring out which evacuation route at 4pm I was figuring out which hurricane party .
The latest update on #HurricaneIrma shows the storm making a slight shift west that could impact the metro Atlanta
At least he said something that was true ? Idunno anymore
TV Amazon continues to prove they don't care about Hurricane Irma victims ! ! !
Some of the damage #HurricaneIrma has done to the Dominican Republic and Haiti #Irma2017 #HurricaneIrma2017
Yall go watch ya girl on the news fa 2 sec
How #Irma Became Irma A #MonsterStorm Six Months in the Making
My cousin works at the Telemundo newsroom and sent me this check the comparison between Andrew and Irma Andrew is
STANDBY for 11pm advisory on Hurricane Irma ... moments away !
My boyfriend said Irma was behind Jose
#CSRAwards2017 #rtept #Irma #AirfieldFoodSeries #rpDUB Dundalk Caribbean Pearse Station Almost 3 000 Florid 43
what the FUCK is up irma ? no what'd you say ? what the FUCK dude . step the FUCK up irma .
Okay soo as Irma bald head ass gets closer im starting to get scared
#IRMA heads for #Florida where is #Jose headed ? Can Weather Models Get More Precise ? Collaborate at
hey dumbass go hang in Miami to prove irma is fake Your putting plp lives at risk even of they r morons who listen to u
Irma Puerto Rico Real time Recovery ... by Isabel Rulln Generosity
DDME Hurricane Irma Update as at 8 00pm . The centre of Hurricane Irma is approximately 50
Un fave words of day post factual democracy version " fairly terrifying " . Hint not describing #Irma .
Wish I were in San Diego now ! After Irma stops by for a cocktail the house goes on the market and I am finally ...
Florida Movie Theaters Closing as Hurricane Irma Approaches Variety
Nations rush to help islands devastated by #HurricaneIrma #Haiti #CaribbeanIslands #Florida #hurricane
Not enough with one hurricane destroying Houston and three more in a row just about to reach the land ? ... GUESS W
Hi ! Sorry 2 b late . Mommy concerned about relatives NOT evacuating 4 Irma . #nipclub
Hold the fuck on
Irma's projected path shifts west ; Florida more firmly in crosshairs via r news
Residents evacuate as Hurricane Irma approaches Florida Keys
Scheduled to come celebrate daughter's 21st b day & 18th Tybee trip in November . Prayers all aroun
This seriously just keeps powering through .
On one hand I hope Irma destroys Mar a Lago . On the other I hope it doesn't so Trump doesn't get any Fema money . It's a conundrum .
Hurricane Irma Preparedness Tips for Animal Owners NC State Veterinary Medicine
Keep us in your thughts
I'm really scared for this hurricane #Irma my house was built in like the 1800 ' s honestly ...
News people ain't making it no better shit they don't know where the hell irma tryna go
Is this still a thing ? ? Ask me some stuff before Irma fucks Florida
Thanks for this ... I needed a laugh . We can't leave if we wanted to ... roads clogged no gas no hotel rooms avail
Maybe these hurricanes need to be renamed . Hurricane Irma should be Hurricane Imma Come Kill All You Know ?
Pray for South Florida Fuck you #irma .
I saw someone post this quote yesterday ... #hurricaneirma
#MONEY #IRMA WSJ ' In Europe today sovereignty democracy and trust are in danger ' says French President Emmanuel Macron
Continuing to keep everyone in the path of Irma in my prayers . May Jesus Christ bless you all . There is no doubt in my mind we will survive .
Just to be noted the guy can barely speak English . But immigrants gotta go .
Praying for those in the path of Irma and those already devastated by it .
Were you able to get out of the way ? #HurricaneIrma #Irma2017 #Irma #irmawatch #Hurricane #PrayForFlorida #PrayForPR
#WOINZ #nzgdc17 #Irma #stuffdebate #TopShopAwards Canterbury Colmar Brunton Maori Paula Bennett TVNZ 1
This is nightmares right here
RT Compiled by military Mom & family therapist & son who endured 5 hurricanes themselves in Flo
Hurricane Irma evacuation Police shoot gunman at Miami airport World News
After Hurricane Irma hits if anyone needs help give me your number and maybe I'll pass it on to someone who ...
Irma let me tell u sum . If u think u gone come to ga with that fuck shit ! ! !
I'm just hoping Florida is still inhabitable after Irma tbh
#SM Hurricane Irma Devastates The Caribbean As It Makes Its Way To Miami As Hurricane Irma
#CNN #abc #nbc #Reuters #MSNBC #FoxNews This needs 2 be a huge headline next to #Irma headlines.They tried 2 hide t
I said this weeks ago but I'll formally say it here #hurricaneirma2017 will surprisingly shift west and hit western Florida and Alabama .
Can't wait to have this hurricane party outside with Irma ain't got nothing on us
does anyone know any donation links to barbuda or any of the islands hit
My dad bought our house 28 years ago on Monday . Irma please don't take it away
FEMA is almost out of money as Hurricane Irma threatens Florida
Hurricane Irma forces Florida State to cancel home opener against Louisiana Monroe #FL
Aerial View of Barbuda Survivors tell Irma Story
Here at KurTrox we know all about cat 5 and cat 6 things . No need for Irma to teach us any lessons . #irmagerd
I added a video to a playlist Trump Waffles on DACA Responds to Hurricane Irma A Closer Look
Commented on My Home Before Irma
Looks like Donnie's staff of Mexicans and other immigrants put up the hurricane shades at Mar a Lago
Low key I'm scared af of Irma
Hurricane Irma And Fort Myers Weather Update 10pm pls RT #hurricaneflorida #hurricaneradar #hu
Do you have room to help shelter ppl fleeing #HurricaneIrma on I75 or I95 or anywhere ? #ShelterIrma
We have been asking to cancel our reservation Beach resort SC due to Irma but they ain't
Hurricane Irma whips Caribbean on course for Florida Financial Times via #
This is " news "
Not looking good for the Keys . Statements like these should hopefully push more on the mainland of Florida further
Privileged Wypipo problems . Delete your account Kellum . Your ignorance knows absolutely no bounds .
Yes Irma I'm ready for ya com on lol
Links for TV stations in FL GA NC & SC verified . Local coverage is often the best . #Irma
Strength patience and endurance to everyone in #HurricaneIrma path over next few days . Please help others if you can .
COMING UP AT 11 Team coverage of Hurricane #Irma . Count on Severe Weather Team 2 to bring you the latest on this p
All my loves wherever Irma is hitting please be safe ilysm and i hope the best for you
Most of my tweets will be focused on #Hurricaneirma and to help update my community and family and friends .
Alas Irma is gonna be kicking my butt Saturday . I now hate every person named after a hurricane that I have experienced lol
Shame on United airlines . What better opportunity to step up and show the world what a great global citizen you are
Here's the latest NHC forecast for IRMA . Looks like she's headed right up Florida will pass through GA and will ...
Just saw a graphic on a NYC meteorologist's fb page that shows Irma at about double the size of Hurricane Andrew .
#HurricaneIrma disrupting my vacay plans SMH
Former US presidents unite to raise money for Harvey and Irma victims
College football game canceled due to Irma
I'm raising money for Hurricane IRMA Friends in need . Click to Donate via
Not even 5 minutes of being home and someone already pissed me off . Irma hurry tf up
Oh hey it's us . Super .
Tampa News FHP troopers aim to keep interstate traffic moving as Irma approaches
Then there's the chaos in Venezuela Lunatic in North Korea the madness in Syria Irma usual super suffering in various parts of Africa
Heavenly Father creator of all we seek your protection for any and all in the path of Hurricane Irma . We know ...
We're just gonna call this fake news since there's bigger issues happening in the path of #HurricaneIrma .
Great " Killer Graphics " how much did that board cost the tax payer ? #FakePresident #hurricaneirma2017
Hentai Is nice #NFLKickoff2017 #KCvsNE #hurricaneirma2017 #Patriots #mothermovie #Chiefs #GoPats # #AHSCult #Kickoff2017
Hurricane Harvey hit Texas Hurricane irma is on track to southern Georgia . If you have ever dated me you might wanna watch the weather .
Dems ask feds to look into airfare price gouging amid Irma threat
A reference for my fellow south floridians .
The Saints always talking about " a shift in the atmosphere " now that Harvey and Irma are here they are praying ...
Update # 2 What scientists are saying about Hurricanes Irma and Jose The Field
Just in case you've forgotten what presidents in the USA used to be like .
#HurricaneIrma 11pm update Sustained Winds 165mph #Category5 Pressure 920mb Movement WNW at 16mph Location 585 Mi ESE of Miami
Who will get more say on this ? Stan Wilcox Blake James Jimbo Fisher and Mark Richt combined ? Or the ACC and TV de
#MP Hurricane Irma What's open and what's closed Sun Sentinel
Imagine what hurricanes will look like 25 years from now
Because of Hurricane Irma I will have a 4 day weekend so ... yeah . Be safe Floridians !
All his friends should feel guilty as hell for allowing him to go through with this
I liked a video WAITING FOR IRMA
If he wasn't in it then it don't matter
This is beautiful .
#HurricaneIrma is coming ! #TMXFamily I know it feels like we cannot catch a break with the weather but please be
#NFLKickoff2017 #hurricaneirma2017 #Patriots VBV
If y'all gonna change it every 20 minutes what's the point in us paying attention ?
My god ... I think Mother Earth is pissed the FUCK off w all the climate change deniers.Seriously w
PLEASE RT REMEMBER THE CARIBBEAN #IRMA over 1 200 missing persons on islands please help families locate !
Richard Bransons luxury Necker Island home completely destroyed by Hurricane Irma
I hear it's going to affect us here in Ga as well .
hoke Think about it Irma going thru FL at same time as protest is planned . Baiting the idiots to go into the storm .
The Hurricane Irma Episode
WRONG to use Irma hashtag to promote your shitty post you suck
So happy to hear my dear friend in Tampa has evac'ed . She's tough as hell . She's also smart . #Irma
Hurricane Irma traffic northbound Florida turnpike 11 PM Thursday night
Now 64.6 Clear SE 0.0 mph Humidity 93 % UV 0 #HurricaneIrma
I added a video to a playlist Hurricane Irma I 75 North Is A Parking Lot ! ! !
Mother Nature is literally unleashing all four elements to punish #America Earth Fire Air & Water . #Irma
Colorado couple trapped as Irma bears down on Dominican Republic
Floridians jam highways to flee Hurricane Irma
Huge construction cranes loom over Miami as Irma threatens
Irma Going Kill Us All Lol
Here's the latest track for #Irma just released by Atlantic
as many as 600 000 animals died or were abandoned without shelter as a result of Katrina . Bless those who won't
We're out of the cone !
Warning . #HurricaneIrma
WSBTV reports COMING UP AT 11 Team coverage of Hurricane #Irma . Count on Severe Weather Team 2 to bring you the l
IT'S REAL NOW ! #HurricaneIrma
South Florida is under a hurricane warning
WSBTV reports RT BradNitzWSB Updated Irma track takes the center of the storm directly through metro Atlanta . Turn on you TV to wsbtv righ
The latest vitrolles infos by jean bernard ! #rediff #irma
Sigh ... what a nightmare
WSBTV reports BREAKING Updated #Irma track takes the center of the storm directly through metro Atlanta . BradNitzWSB gives us the latest N
25yrs of NO Cat 5 #Hurricanes hitting #Bahamas . BIG LACK of hurricanes is TOTAL FAIL #CO2 #ManMade LOL #Climate fra
Hurricane Irma So Strong That It's Showing Up on The RICHTER SCALE
Hurricanes popping up like crazy #Harvey #Irma #Jose
Irma in 48hrs . WE GOT THIS FLORIDA ! ! Hold on and be smart .
But technically they will remain virgen ! Remember that it's hurricane Irma ! Now hurricane Jose ...
Irma Jose and Katia Three hurricanes in one satellite image Quartz
How Hurricane Irma is impacting travel ABC News
Not good for all of us here in #Orlando #Irma Not good for all of us here in #Orlando # I
OK ! ! Hurricane Irma is a Category 5 now ! ! which winds up to 157 and up ! ! but it's 175 mile an hour now no ! 186 ...
Robert De Niro Vows to Help Barbuda Rebuild After Hurricane Irma Devastation via
11pm Update Hurricane #Irma has winds at 165mph down from earlier and this updated track takes it more west . Tyler
If Apple slide on my phone with hurricane warnings again it's gon be an issue fam #HurricaneIrma
BREAKING at canceled due to Hurricane Irma
This is our entire #Orlando neighborhood right now . Either sit it out or sit on roads for 10 hrs & get stuck in storm in car ! ? #
Hurricane Irma slams Caribbean heads for Florida
Live look at me running away from Florida #ChiefsVsPatriots #hurricaneirma2017
News this week Hurricane Irma strikes with all its might BBC News #ClashRoyaleHack
Follow #IrmaHurricane easily with
Here we go #Irma #Hurricanewarning
Irma track shifting west a tad . Feeling better about Chas . Florida however gonna have major issues
NOAA HURRICANE CENTER AtlanticHurricane Irma Forecast Advisory Number 36
Stay safe everybody
Click HERE #EU #News #EuropeUnion Hurricane Irma UK territory declares state of emergen
i dont understand we had hurricane harvey irma jose katia and the west coast is burning up b
The latest Trending Only ! #hurricaneirma #backstory
I liked a video The Real Cause Behind Hurricane Irma
And it starts #HurricaneIrma
Trying to de stress pre Hurricane Irma ! Hanging with my kiddos playing billiards and drinking
Ahh ! Praying that my family is safe . They live on St . John . The island right next to St . Thomas !
ALL FLORIDA Public #Schools #Colleges #Universities Shut Down as #IRMA Barrels Toward US Coast #HurricaneIrma #MIAMI
Just got the official alert . The end is nigh #IrmaHurricane #irma
Hurricane Irma is a nuclear bomb ! Beware Florida residents . This thing is volatile as dangerous as it can get . I drove in hurricanes .
Fuck that bitch Irma
Including in the US Virgin Islands giving up their firearms ? ! #tcot #2A #MAGA
Honey I don't have tiiiiimmmmeee
' A Horrendous Situation . ' See the Damage Left by Hurricane Irma So Far
Irma doesn't know who she's messing with . I'll curb stomp that hurricane .
Thanks I haven't been able to stop saying #Irma Grd tonight !
Coast Guard preparing for Hurricane Irma
As if we haven't known for a week 6 loud hurricane alert warnings later ... #hurricaneirma2017 we're ready for you
Honestly God might just punish me for my shitty humor #HurricaneIrma
Island of Barbuda heavily affected by Hurricane Irma
Phone is being spammed with the hurricane warnings . Irma is coming .
Share #HurricaneIrma #hurricaneirma2017 Info 2 Help Others with ThePowerOfU App fr
As of 7 00 PM IRMA has been a category 5 hurricane longer than any other tropical cyclone on the planet earth .
Full moon . High tide . Prepping for Irma . #TybeeIsland
Lord please have mercy #HurricaneIrma
Seriously .. theres tragedy happening w harvey now irma .. oh a racy pic .. priorities ppl .. much love ..
Thanks everyone for coming by the T7 lobby stream ! May not be streaming next week tho because Irma is heading for us P
If you jumble the name Irma it somewhat spells Army . Coincidence I think not
It is official ... We are under a Hurricane Warning . #HurricaneIrma
At 11 00 PM ET a Hurricane warning was issued for all of south Florida . #HurricaneIrma . #Broward .
I'm actually scared as shit of Irma i just ask God to pls protect the ones i love and care about
Ever the optimist and #MustBeGreek
Guess it's getting serious . #Irma
36 hours til irma start fucking shit up
My Ash e ton is coming ! ! ! She's bringing Kendall too . Win win for Meme .
Sin Luz Las Carmelitas Calle San Jorge #Santurce #Irma #SinLuz #SanJuan
WELP ! Time to stock up on Publix's subs !
Could be worse could definitely be a lot better
Every Florida family must prepare to evacuate ... " as Hurricane Irma roars toward Florida .
The latest on Irma via
Official Hurricane warning for #Irma God help us all . Stay safe people
South Florida under hurricane warning and storm surge warning 5 10ft
4 more alerts #hurricaneirma they really want you to take this seriously and GTHO
Check out where you can contribute
Here's the Damage Hurricane Irma Could Wreak
Did John Paul Jackson foresee Irma ? The Coming Perfect Storm A Vision of America's Future 2008 to 2018
I love Grand Turk this heartbreaking ! Praying for everyone tonight in #Irma's way ! !
Every 2 minutes my phone is going off #Irma
#HurricaneWarning para el Sur de Florida #beprepared #safetytips #hurricaneirma #hurricane #hurricaneseason
Update on Hurricane Irma
Hurricane Irma Moves Towards Southeastern US The Weather Channel
I love this . #AmericaFirst
He is not last . Hurricane Jose is coming right behind Irma
A very dangerous system . If you don't have to stay don't . Get your ass out of here Irma is not to be taken lightly .
This is extremely common lol people love surfing the strong waves.he hit his head
Idiots this is the very type of situation where citizens need their lawfully owned firearms and ammo
Trump Waffles on DACA Responds to Hurricane Irma A Closer Look via
which HAARP facility created this ?
Screams obscenities at television !
Are you going to live tweet the landing of #Irma ? !
God please spare these islands
Last minute Irma tip get cash out of the ATM pack an emergency bag ready to grab and go and call your family to let them know you're ok .
Omg I have some relief now lol
All y'all Florida bitches better be making y'all's way outta there #Irma
Hurricane Irma has officially hit Florida . It's been nice knowing you all
hurricane irma is roaring through georgia ... i'm really gonna die before i get to see paul win BB19 huh
#NEWS #Armenian Irma's projected path shifts west ; Florida more firmly in crosshairs Fox News Fox News Irma's
Movie ' Category 7 ' Released 11 Yrs 9 Months Ago 2 Massive Hurricanes Hit US Harvey & Irma via
We want to send best wishes and prayers to be safe to all our friends and everyone in the path of #HurricaneIrma .
Key West's Hemingway House Almost Certainly an Irma Casualty via
Thank god they said Irma is gonna go down to a 3 or 4 when it hits Florida
My blokes Irma Jose & Katia are coming over to help me turn the first floor of an assisted living home into a Disney themed pool .
Marlee taking her turn helping with laundry as we prepare for Irma's arrival . #hurricaneirma
But #climatechange isn't real right
Y'ALL ITS HAPPENING #hurricaneirma
Beato !
before i go to sleep please everyone be safe when it hits in fl ! ! ! irma did a lot of damage here n it was just trop storm for us so pls
did your news reader just say that 3 hurricanes are lined up to strike the USA ? Incorrect . Irma Katia Mexico Jose fishes
To our racing families expected to be impacted by Hurricane Irma Be safe your racing family is here for you . Let
We does take we blessimgs for granted yes
I've got about 24 hours before shit hits the fan but this was not a fun notification to receive . #HurricaneIrma
Hacker News Caribbean Island of St . Maarten Destroyed by Hurricane Irma Drone Video
Omg !
Nubz hates jags That TS circle touching us . Irma gonna be on hospice when she's here
The 11 PM NHC forecast cone continues the shift to the west ... #Irma
I had a sudden feeling of panic about the Hemingway cats . Somewhat reassured by this .
Famous airport heavily damaged by Irma
11 pm Thursday Hurricane Irma Advisory
Continued coverage of the destruction of Hurricane Irma as the Carib ...
I think we made Irma mad because now she like " how can I hit as much of this state as possible "
I don't care what anyone says #Irma2017 is a #Category6
Bruh Irma is doing a colonoscopy on the state of Florida
Severe hurricane conditions are expected over portions of the Florida peninsula and Florida Keys late Saturday .
Wow ... another " 100 year storm " and another ... and another ...
Breaking Hurricane Warnings now in South Florida . #HereWeGo #HurricaneIrma
GATHERING ALL SPANISH MOMS TO GET IRMA IN HER PLACE
He needs to tap the rainy day fund & hold special session .
Well . Fuck . #HurricaneIrma #SouthFlorida #PrayForFlorida #scared
I'm sending prayers to everyone who is bracing for Irma and those who have been devastated by Harvey and Irma ...
I vote that you confront Irma first . We'll watch .
Boat owners doubled up on ropes fenders and hope ahead of Hurricane Irma #news
Hurricane Irma live updates warning issued for Florida as storm pummels Haiti and Bahamas
Is #Miami International Airport Closing for Hurricane #Irma ?
rush to help islands devastated by Hurricane Irma # #News #Noticias #Nouv
Wow it can talk too maybe we can we reason with her
in the Caribbean as Irma Heads Toward Miami # #News #Noticias #Nouvel
#Weather > #Irma on Collision Course With #Miami After Wrecking #Caribbean #climatechange
Exhausted after a long day on the road evacuating from #HurricaneIrma
Better than a high 4 low 5 .
This little guy is a big comfort to me #Irma #IrmaFlorida
Change begins at the end of your comfort zone . #JoanneWorldTourToronto #hurricaneirma2017
I don't see much aside from some rain here ... generally breezy conditions . NO IKE
thanks for scaring the crap out of me six times #HurricaneIrma
Absolutely heartbreaking ...
Isn't that just lovely ...
Mega storm inflicts massive damage in Caribbean ...
Escape Hurricane Irma aka imminent death n chill ?
Irma is killing the Turks and Caicos right now the people there are so so nice . I hope they make it out okay .
if we were leading the way in climate change we would have conservatives taking our Lancashire votes and voices awa
The police officer involved in the shooting at the airport in Miami by Irma
Alphas That's what Irma does forces you to play Gillislee
goodbye gypsy chickens
Hoping for an 11th hour correction . Just 5 6 degrees to the right and out into the Atlantic . Please .
Kryeziu 108 well irma is classified as a category 5 where era is usually above a 10 ...
why y'all so pressed over some toilet paper in yalls yard ? The only thing that's gonna be left in yalls yard after Irma is the toilet paper
When the hurricane amber alert sounds #Irma #Miami
I need to get portable chargers before I'm sick when Irma come
I'm excited about Irma because I get to sleep in for once & finally get a break
Police Officer involved shooting at Miami airport pre Irma CLICK BELOW FOR FULL STORY ...
Monstrous #HurricaneIrma kills 14 in Caribbean heads for #Florida
No lie Auntie Irma has me shook
IRMA UPDATE Westward shift in track continues CLICK BELOW FOR FULL STORY ...
Jesus ... this graphic looks like Florida getting a catheter . #HurricaneIrma
Checking updates on Irma
Last night was the most devastating experience I have had in my life and I am almost 60 said a man who gave his
Comparing Irma to Andrew
I hope Hurricane Irma wash away some of my ugly .
I hope things are ok with #Irma hitting Miami ? ? ?
Irma is not as dangerous . It is much more powerful and capable of inflicting devastating losses in Florida .
New track takes Irma more west .
Politicizing weather it baffles me people believe the science on a hurricane's path but not the same people talkin
I cant wait till May to see all the beautiful new born picturessome of yall will catch that Tuesday lol #HurricaneIrma
Tsk . Donny lost some property . President Trump's $ 17 Million Caribbean Home Was Just Pummeled By Hurricane Irma
this image of SST temperature is one thing that really concerns me as #HurricaneIrma approaches Florida . It is warm
Hey AlGore
Major Hurricane Irma likely to deliver destructive blow to Florida this weekend
Hurricane Irma hit Barbuda like a ' bomb ' prime minister says
How likely is it that cell phone service will be unavailable after Hurricane Irma in South Florida ? by Todd Frary
Ursula is that you
Rubio voted against Sandy aid in 2013 . Now he wants money for Irma .
Now I feel crazy for deciding not to leave Orlando
Hurricane Watches slowly creep North . Expect watches to be issued for Central #Florida Friday morning . #IRMA
Irma is literally hitting me
You should release RAP and LOS early for the evacuation drive out . #hurricaneirma2017
Rossi to Stay Close to his E Cats as Irma Bears down on Miami
Thanks for compassion in helping folks evacuate FL . You waived change fees for my mom so she could get out sooner . #thankful #Irma
PH ready to assist Filipinos affected by Hurricane Irma
thats me what's the line on them using Irma as the next excuse ?
The latest The Georges Pessoa's Daily ! Thanks to #irma #hurricaneirma
I liked a video Live footage as Hurricane Irma destroys Maho Beach Cam in St Maarten 9 6 2017
Please RT Compiled by Military Mom & family therapist & son who endured 5 hurricanes in Florida !
Gov . Scott Everybody must take Hurricane Irma seriously
I liked a video Preparing To Stay For Hurricane Irma !
WORST CASE SCENARIO ? Irma's Shift Could Mean Disaster for Florida From The Weather Channel
#TIFF #tmz all that #Hurricanes damage done by #Irma on those #Caribbean islands looks a lot like #Sharknado5 except without #sharks
this Irma sounds like a fun gal !
The latest The Six Hundred & Sixty six ! Thanks to #irma #hurricaneirma
Pitt has plenty of players from FL who maybe distracted now & Sat when Irma strikes . PGH Gordon 19
#AtlanticHurricanes #AtlanticOcean #CaribbeanSea #GulfOfMexico #flwx #Irma Most recent updates & info see
Miami Hurricanes put football aside as Irma approaches
PSA Hurricane Irma causes closing of gun manufacturers in Florida The Firearm BlogThe Firearm Blog
Florida under hurricane watch as deadly Irma aims for U . S . via
there is no emoji for Irma
Tweet any businesses price gouging but more importantly tweet hotels not allowing pets so we can shut em down . #Irma
Ah shit looks like it's going to hit us bad #Orlando
Folks in Atlanta are stepping up to help those who are in the path of #HurricaneIrma . Join them by offering ...
Hurricane Message To #Kids #HurricaneIrma #IrmaHurricane2017
SHOCKING Live Footage of Hurricane Irma Destroys the Caribbean ! MUST WAT ... #PrayForFlorida
Irma's path at 11 is even farther west than it was 8 ; could mean less of an impact locally Mon Tues . Stay tuned .
You need to turn bitch
I hope ya'll are prepared cause it looks like ya'll might get a taste of Irma too
The latest The Eliana Braga Daily ! Thanks to #estadao #hurricaneirma
My thoughts and prayers are with everyone in the path of this massive Hurricane please stay safe you can't replace
#irma i cant stop thinking about florida . the fact about having family there makes me terrified but i know they have more opportunities of
GOOD SHIT IRMA you did something good
NEW #Irma has shifted slightly west . Memphis is now in the cone which means we could see some impacts here .
not sure why irma isn't trending .. the whole state of florida is in panic and islands being destroyed ... but go pa
Prayers for my parents and everyone about to be effected
COL Hurricane blog Tropical Tidbits Thursday September 7
Please keep the people in the path of Irma in your thoughts and prayers . Our OSR team members are headed to ...
really a perfect storm .
Yes . Stays to our west . Florida is major impact .
I liked a video Hurricane Irma Jose and Katia on 9 7 17
Hurricane Irma kills five as it sweeps through island of Saint Martin via
Naples & Collier County Evacuation Zones Map & Shelters for Hurricane Irma
People with pets #HurricaneIrma please read .
Florida Equifax Caribbean Top 5 things that happened Thursday
It's handling of the trough over the NEUS is just so bizarre . More of an issue with ef
Marion County Florida Evacuation Shelters & Irma Forecast
Retweeted JR Berry WLTX The newest projected path of Hurricane Irma . This takes the storm closer ...
waiting for Irma . We are fucked Baba !
Awww and I love that this Harvey and Irma took in 120 foster kids over the decades !
Everyone is out there trying to get laid before Irma
Florida and Georgia brace for arrival of Hurricane Irma With the storm barreling toward the tip of Florida for
Hurricane Irma Shelter locations
People would be content with their simple everyday lives in harmony and free of desire . #Irma #inspiration #motivation #success #trump
Using to track #Irma GA
Huh ? The latest model from the National Hurricane Center shows Irma arriving later and later and further to the ...
Irma is making progress on their Items xbr treasure m friendlyName and wants you to claim their spare parts !
This is seriously threatening credulity . Jose is curving out to sea and it's brush by a sandbar doesn't really equ
Irma is going to make all of us believe in Jesus again !
Not good news out of #Irma . Winds shifting west inland . 165mph winds ... potentially catastrophic ... #wdw
UPDATE 2 U . S . airlines scramble to evacuate residents ahead of Hurricane Irma Sept 7
faith over matter at this point I'm aware but not afaraid #Irma
Me gust un video de Hurricane Irma Closing In On Florida Leaving Wake Of Destruction
Sharknado 6 #staytunedqc #sharknado3 #hurricaneirma #shitjustgotreal
ellen n look awful here only two horns r missing irma bout to take 1 2 the
OMG ! ! RUN FOR YOUR LIVES ! ! ! C5 Hurricane IRMA Waves RIPS ! ! Thru Island ... #IRMAHURRICANE #IRMA
#breakingnews Hurricane Irma pummels Turks and Caicos islands
Indy man rides out Irma in Puerto Rico hotel lobby WISH TV
The Latest FSU cancels football game ahead of Irma
MamaSlay LMAOO ... they're still rebuilding over there from that and now they know about Irma ? Gotta just throw in
Irma called the gang up and now they deep as hell
Since Hurricane Irma is hype not real not dangerous I challenge you to head to Florida and weather it out #flushrush
#Miami #SouthFlorida #hurricaneirma2017 #HuricaneIrma #IrmaHurricane2017 #Irma #HurricaneJose wow !
So if anyone needs this just pm me I am happy to have a call email chat and share the doc #irma #HurricaneIrma 3
' Literally rubble ' Barmuda the unknown Caribbean island that Diana loved devastated by Irma via
thank you so much Paul .
Wait yo like the Facebook events of naruto running through Irma and Santeria I fuck with it cause it's
Alarming images comparing #Andrew to #Irma Irma is a very dangerous hurricane !
I applaud sisters who shatter the glass ceiling pave the way and achieve full force of their power ; but take it down a few notches Irma .
Floridians from Staten Island are bracing for Irma
Hurricane Irma Public Advisory Number 36 #disney #dcl #Irma
Some of the kids got cold because of the high winds so they put their little footie pajamas on #irma
Real time traffic . Everyone is fleeing #hurricaneirma
alright i'm not gonna lie this has me scared as shit
Devastation in the Caribbean as Irma Heads Toward Miami by FRANCES ROBLES KIRK SEMPLE and VIVIAN YEE via NYT
Florida Muslims Just Pissed Off Everyone In Irmas Path With SICK Sign That Popped Up Overnight
A GOES 16 Look at the Ferocious Hurricane Irma via ledge
Hurricane Irma pushes Georgia Southern game vs . New Hampshire to Birmingham in Week 2 too
Ok now let's focus on being safe meaning leave before #irma
Hopefully everyone who's supposed to and can do so is evacuating from Florida ! ! !
That's a big difference .
DaveLive Saving my best stuff ... Not even caring about the Original Pokemon Blue and Red tho lol . Come at me Irma !
Hurricane Irma Whats Happened and Whats Next by CHRISTINE HAUSER via NYT
Must be two categories .
Harvey Irma Jose Katia How Super Storms Are Named
Retweeted WION 14 killed as Hurricane Irma smashes through Caribbean
sam smith new album about to come clutch for hurricane irma
I have to agree with Sonya . Still early in the game . A lot of time to go .
Praying the Lord redirects and weakens this storm . #HurricaineIrma
Trio of hurricanes in Atlantic Ocean baffles weather scientists via
Cut ? ? ? Seriously ? ? ? So they will just let the people of Texas Louisiana and Florida rot ? ? ? ! !
Forecast worsens North Central Florida braces for Irma
Wish I could write . Too sore from sandbags yesterday can't think ... Irma's coming . I'm sure we'll be ok but no writing for tonight .
Where the is our leader from for dealing with IRMA jerking off in the WH because he has no clue what to do !
offering $ 99 airfare for Florida evacuees ! !
Stocking up on donuts before Irma hits
There's always a good in all the bad ! #HurricaneHarvey #HuricaneIrma #LoveStory
Trump talks like he's limited to a " The 1 000 Most Common English Words " dictionary a'la
Mr . President says #HurricaneIrma2017 is #FakeNews . Rush is an #Idiot right ?
New post " Hurricane Irma track Which forecasting model is most accurate ? "
We already made it through Harvey got lucky 27 " of rain and didn't flood our house . Irma is going
STOP THE FUCKING IRMA JOKES ! ! people are losing their lives their homes their businesses and all the belongings they've worked for .
All too familiar with hurricane prep PGA National Seminole and other Palm Beach County courses brace for Irma
Graphic slightly dated with #Irma track from yesterday but still some fairly deep warm water ahead as it approaches
next potential taxin day will be if Irma remnants decides also blows up into Tenn as some WX ppl sug
Still confused if Irma is hitting my area or not . Why are you so damn unpredictable Irma .
Get out of MIAMI and South FL period ! ! ! #hurricaneirma2017
Love this ! ! Irma is super adorable !
Thanks ABC you have no idea where the storm is headed .
Definition Awesome Causing or inducing awe ; inspiring an overwhelming feeling of reverence admiration or fear . #HurricaneIrma is awesome
I saw some people on Facebook mad about Hurricane Irma just because it might hit Disney world
Might be one of the clearest videos I ever seen on twitter
I just pray for Jesus to wrap his arms around South Florida and not allow Irma to touch us at all .
Hurricane Irma not in the same league as others ! #climatechange #climatechangeisreal
Prayers for everyone affected by angry Irma . May God watch over you #HurricaneIrma #prayers #FloridaStrong
#Trump Sorry but #ParisAgreement is too expensive inconvenient & unfair on USA #Gaia Meet my friends #Harvey & #Irma ...
Well this is cute ... Harvey and Irma Married 75 Years Marvel at the Storms Bearing Their Names
So basically Irma is a category fucking 7
Harvey And Irma Devoted Foster Parents Married 75 Years Before The Storms NYT
Hurricanes are natural disasters no President is to blame for that . People are dying and losing everything and y'a
keeps shifting west huh ? fucking tightttttttt
But thats no where near as scary as what folk are going through down south . Stay safe be good humans help each other #hurricaneirma2017
caucasity
#HurricaneIrma Any help is greatly appreciated ! Please . People are without homes food electricity
LIVE Hurricane IRMA The Weather Channel LIVE STREAM HD LIVE COVERAGE OF HURRICANE IRMA
Thinking and praying for everyone dealing with aftermath of Harvey preparing for Irma and those out west dealing with the wildfires .
With the latest update tonight most of NC removed from Category 5 #Irma's ' cone of uncertainty '
Hurricane Irma Nearing the Bahamas as a Potentially Catastrophic Category 5 Hurricane
Turks & Caicos slammed by #Irma
Two Florida Nuclear Plants Are Projected to Be Hit Hard by Irma and One Is Already Leaking
To everyone who will be affect by Irma i'm sending my good vibes and wishing you all the best . Please stay safe
My fancy stocking for all to love maybe I will ride Irma out with nothing but these on n a boy to rub my feet stay
Photos What #HurricaneIrma left behind in the Caribbean
Wow ! ! ! This is wild
Hurricane Irma Florida Florida State Miami among teams to cancel games
Hurricane Irma Live Tracker Updates . Island of Barbuda ' totally demolished ' . via
Please keep South Florida and the surrounding states that are going to be affected by this monster Irma in your thoughts and prayers ! ! !
Free Wi Fi after Hurricane Irma ? Comcast has Florida covered
SICK ! Liberals Pray #Hurricane Irma Destroys Mar a Lago And KILLS Trump and Family
Hurricane Irma Powerful Storm or Liberal Conspiracy ?
Irma may be turning toward florida watches issued
Ian if Irma was a snowstorm how much snow would it produce
This is the first time that three hurricanes have the potential to make landfall at the same time . #climatechange
If I get 5 more people to tell me to get the fuck out of Orlando ... fuck it we out #HurricaneIrma
Irma will most likely hit Florida however notice she moves closer to us . Some rain possible next week . #mswx #alwx
This is the only #Irma I care to see . #IrmaThomas
What caused Hurricane Irma ? Did climate change cause this Category 5 tropical storm ?
irma gonna hit us real bad in the tampa area #pinellaspark #hurricaneirma2017
I agree with you we still have running water so just buy empty battles
Apartment in the path of the eye . Parents house in the north east eye wall . Irma is gonna wreck both of my homes lol
You know Irma has a wooden spoon with your name on it . Sure she makes cookies but she's got a strong throwing arm
#jetblue offers $ 99 dollar flights out . #UnitedAirlines ... different story #pricegouging #irma #hurricane
. #Hurricane #IRMA aktuelle Prognose ist Worst Case Szenario fr #Florida . Interaktiv hier ansehen !
#hurricaneirma sending thoughts prayers and climate action for those in her path .
Irma Is Being Described As A Nuclear Hurricane That Has Left One Island Practically Uninhabitable
Stay safe everyone that Irma is heading for ! ! ! Praying for you all ..
More than has done for Texas .
Going into a Hurricane on your period . #hurricaneirma2017
The world Irma is the biggest storm of the century Florida
Fugate says don't get to the point where you have no choice in evacuating . Get out now . #HurricaneIrma
Maga hurricane . I blame Cheeto
Florida you are the grass . Meet the lawnmower Irma . #GetOutNow #KarmaIsNotHappy
Hurricane Irma HURRICANE AND STORM SURGE WARNINGS ISSUED FOR SOUTH FLORIDA AND THE FLORIDA KEY
#HurricaneIrma needs to continue #shifting back to the #ocean and far away from #land #StraightUo
Trying to meet the word count on an essay .
let that shit pass .
When might be a good time for you ?
Sigh . We're back within a county or so of the far west side of the cone presumably because of Irma's speed .
yall see hurricane i see my college tuition paid
#Irma is coming ...
New York Times wyd
ohio has already gotten some of the irma weather and im just praying for everyone in FL and the surrounding states . PLEASE get to safety .
Please keep your head on a swivel this weekend God bless your work there .
Preparing for Irma
Darn Irma would have come across better . Just saying . Did you know the part of your brain for communicat
Irma weakened slightly but still a strong Category 5 .
Hurricane Irma causes devastation in the Caribbean BBC News
Irma kills 10 in battered Caribbean which is in a ' rush against time ' before the next storm Tiny islands
I'll b damned if hurricane Irma touches my expensive ass shoes purses & jewelry
lol the people thinking they can just drive to another part of the state and be safe yall just delaying it and w
New track for powerful Hurricane #Irma shifts a tad more left into the SE . Monitoring this trend and models . #scwx
CocoLavish Trio Due to #hurricaneirma2017 the shop will be C L O S E D . We are praying for all of #Florida and the
#HurricaneIrma GREAT ADVICE
Why does Irma y Jose sound like a Spanish pop duo ?
If u love any 1 or anything LEAVE Come back rested to what is left Come bk 2 complain & tell stories of Irma 4 many years bcuz ur alive
Delta Air Lines Price Gouges Hurricane Irma Evacuees Ticket 600 % $ DAL
We pray for all people affected by or waiting and fearing effects of #HurricaneIrma
Prince George slayed but THIS is the cutest thing you'll see all day ! ! !
SpaceX Launches Classified Military Drone Despite Hurricane Irma
Thoughts and prays are good . But what people really need is help . Donate volunteer .
Harvey & Irma Married 75 Years Marvel at Storms Bearing Their Names #fostering #fostercare #relationshipgoals
Irma Prompts Largest Ever Evacuation of Miami Dade County
News Naples & Collier County Evacuation Zones Map & Shelters for Hurricane Irma
Stewpssss " other places " " not good "
you all have nothing to worry about you won't even get hit by Irma it's going left
You really don't need to add music to these images of destruction . No requirement to ' enhance ' the drama . It's real
As tough as this is to say we are nearing a point of inevitability that we will see a catastrophic hurricane landf
Bruhh tell me why my mom cooked a lechon like if it were our last meal before we die #hurricaneirma2017 #HurricaneIrma #RipFlorida
Hurricane Irma track Which forecasting model is most accurate ?
ICE canceled a large planned deportation operation due to Hurricanes Harvey and Irma
I'm so terrified of this hurricane I might throw up #HurricaneIrma
How many people are you going to scam like you did with #Haiti ?
U . S . airlines scramble to evacuate residents ahead of Hurricane Irma
WATCH Man gives away his generator the last one after realizing this lady's dad is on oxygen & needed it . #Irma
Another college game cancelled due to #IrmaHurricane2017
Btw I'm prob gonna be offline for awhile due to Irma so just a heads up if I don't answer anyone's messages
The most famous airport in the world has been nearly destroyed by Irma
> and prayers are with her her husband and her 3 kids along with other familes who can't evacuate as Irma makes landfall .
Hurricane Irma Mandatory evacuations for Goodland Everglades City Chokoloskee
Those " do gooders " all set up to help Hurricane Irma's victims right ?
Leftists Call On Hurricane Irma to Destroy Trumps Mar a Lago Resort Alex Jones ' Infowars There's a war on for ...
This is a cool story . A much more pleasant Harvey and Irma !
this is gonna be fucking lit
#hit Ilse Hablame > < #NationalBeerLoversDay #drp17 #SiTuvieraTresDeseos #Irma
Florida I am literally hitting my knees and praying for all of you in harm's way . PLEASE head north before making
Girl if you don't go finish his shit off ... just his tho
Lmfaoo I love him so much I miss you guys
Pastor Lance Wallnau I Command Hurricane Irma To Go Back Into the Ocean
Damn this guy is a mastermind who knew it was this easy .
Dear America If you really wanna piss off nature I mean REALLY keep mentioning God . #hurricaneirma2017
Hurricane Irma nears the Turks and Caicos Islands heading toward the Bahamas
I'm pray for everyone in the islands who got hit hard from Hurricane Irma . My heart is breaking for them and I'm sending all my love
Have you ensured that your immigrant workers at Mar a Lago could afford to evac ? If they die IT'S ON YOU !
Good Lord ! ! ! Praying for our Family & Friends out in Florida ! !
Will Hurricane Irma meet its match in East Tennessee ?
Where is the public transportation when you need it ? Over 25 % of gas stations in Miami and WPB out of fuel
Hurricane Irma don't know where she wanna go lol
Hurricane Irma triggers evacuation orders at Trump's Mar a Lago and Palm Beach
Hurricane Irma UK Government's Slow Response Labelled ' Pathetic ' As Military Sent To Help British Citizens
J'aime une vido " Hurricane Irma path LIVE COVERAGE stream Watch Tracking Hurrucane Irma arrive in real time " l'adresse
Ok guys . I gotta go get ready to leave in 20 minutes . We're going to SC cause of Irma . I probably wont be online all weekend so wuv ya'll !
Rainfall Forecast Next 3 Days easy to track Irma
Holy crap ! #irma is a beast . Prayers for Turks and Caicos feeling her wrath RIGHT NOW .
It's not
The #HurricaneIrma pic on front page of the site is stunning .
I liked a video NOAA aircraft flying through Hurricane Irma ...
Automatic Hurricane Prevention System AHPS can help hugely to prevent damage by #hurricane like #Irma . Contact for info .
SpeedeNews Florida State cancels home opener due to Hurricane Irma
I have family in South Florida so this is hitting really close to home . #hurricaneirma2017 #StaySafeFlorida
Hurricane Irma slams into President Trumps $ 17 million Caribbean vacation home
The Pasco Humane Society is still looking for people to foster cats and dogs during the storm ! ! ! #HurricaneIrma
Police Officer involved shooting at Miami airport pre Irma
Sounds like wizard of oz
alternatively do not listen to at all
As Hurricane Irma approaches Sarasota County is now under a hurricane watch Atlantic announces
Suggestion VickyathomeWaitingForMafiaWasit
Waters 2U I swear ! ! But Irma ass ain't finna catch me slipping . Katrina was enough for me
#irma #HurricaineIrma GFS slaughters Miami ... NAM took a brain fart . Euro started a west trend we'll see
Stray or not they're living creatures who deserve to live .
Guys .. it's seriously coming for all of Florida
looks like I'm moving with my aunt in virginia
Ran into a Mexican trucker Las nite jus shook ma head at her
Trump Gives Short Term Debt Ceiling Extension Hurricane Irma Monologue YouTube
My god ... What a tragedy .
Here's Bill going on that PR train .
If that plays out will be interesting to compare Andrew and #Irma based on east west vs south north
Showing the projected route and intensity over GA and SC #irma
This crazy man
Common Gertrude praying for you ! ! God Bless our CBP ! #jostvandyke #CBPCaribbean #Irmahurricane #BVI #Gertrudes
Dude my country is a joke anD I LOVE IT AHHAHAHAA
Irma update ! Share with anyone in Florida right away
praying for everyone that was or will be affected by Hurricane Irma
I've seen more FB posts on how Irma's destruction is affecting time shares & vacation plans than I've seen offers to aid the affected areas .
#Jose should be worried .
Jesus 185mph that's faster than all the civics in Palmdale combined
#GFS still has #HurricaineIrma hitting Florida while #NAM has still Irma missing here is why . Look at 500 MB for
Yo don't you exterminate thots like Irma tho ? ?
Is hurricane Irma the lord trying to tell us something ? Or is it just me overthinking ?
How did the #Chinese engineer this ? You fucking #muppet !
A #DeltaFlight #BeatHurricane #Irma Out of #SanJuanAirport and It Was NBD WIRED
I go between denial phases and complete panic attacks throughout the day about Irma
Summary for Hurricane Irma AT1 AL112017 NHC
#news #movie Florida Movie Theaters Closing as Hurricane Irma Approaches Variety Variety Florida Movie Theaters
Welp . Tried to get the fuck outta Florida didn't work all flight tickets are nonexistent and the roads jampacked . God help us all for Irma
Analysis Rush Limbaugh's dangerous suggestion that Hurricane Irma is fake news
Good news from our loved ones in Haiti ... Irma in all her wrath headed north of Hispaniola . We have no reports ...
RT inews 2day " " Air Lines Price Gouges Hurricane Irma Evacuees Plane Ticket 600 % #
crazy Michael . i grew up in Houston and never heard of this place in Crosby ... hell never heard of Crosby ! but self
can't even celebrate my birthday because of hurricane Irma
#MONEY #IRMA business In America there's no such thing as too many chicken wings Blo
#MONEY #IRMA business The Last Jedi toy blitz begins with drones Bloomberg business
Irma Travel Woes As Thousands Evacuate South Florida NBC Nightly News
kytv THIS JUST IN Hurricane warnings issued for South Florida ahead of Hurricane Irma
The latest The by matoriv Daily ! Thanks to Edy #hurricaneirma #intel
The tail of a right shifted distribution
irma you really making miss out on my money bitch . i need to damn work .
PLEASE GO TO #maralago RIGHT NOW ! Stay the entire weekend . Golf . Stand out there with your clubs r
FOXNEWS Photos Hurricane #Irma barrels through the Caribbean
Probably my last design before Irma comes so I had to make it kinda good right ?
Reuters U . S . airlines scramble to evacuate residents ahead of Hurricane Irma
You couldn't at least use a more sophisticated synonym
Get out of the way of #Irma if you can . Sending my love and prayers to my family and friends in #Florida .
Irma just gonna ignore that .
So ... I either stay in CHS and potentially get hit by a hurricane or evacuate to ATL and potentially get hit by a hurricane . #Irma
Imagine this was the only area damaged by Irma I'd love Mother Nature even more
Worried about all in path of #HurricaineIrma . you Keys !
305 till the end the fuck
Irma Threatens Trump's Mar a Lago Prompting Evacuation Order #breakingnews #spx
Keep checking hotels . They are expecting cancellations from out of towners . #HurricaneIrma
50 FOOT WAVES HITTING EAST COAST Are You Serious ? IRMA JOSE A MAJOR I via
Hammerman & Gainer Inc . is looking for a IRMA ! ! ! Field Adjusters File Examiners Managers Needed
#SpaceX won't say why it's launching an Air Force mini shuttle ahead of Hurricane Irma
When all you can find are religious candles to wait out #hurricaneIrma #Fayetteville #NorthCarolina
Floridians Fleeing Irma Are Nervous About The Ones They Left Behind pls RT #WBZNews11pm #Louis
All CFKC units will be closed Sunday and Monday . #hurricaneirma #StaySafe
I wonder if many people changed stances on evacuation policy after hearing about hurricane Irma and problems from past storms #RHUB100
Florida braces for Hurricane Irma #HurricaneIrma
Hurricane Irma kills eight on Caribbean island of Saint Martin
Congested Roads Long Lines At The Pump Meet Those Fleeing Irma pls RT
say is irma hitting new york too ?
Florida Travelers Arrive In Buffalo To Avoid Hurricane Irma pls RT #news #video
Floridians jam highways to flee the expected wrath of Hurricane #Irma
#IRMA Here is a reasonably good map of the islands if you are keen to see exactly what is being water boarded out t
Let's join together in prayer against " Hurricane Irma " and ask God to rebuke the storm and give us peace .
Vey ... e esse furaco irma Deus tenha misericrdia dessas famlias ...
Irma Is The Size Of Texas pls RT #HurricaneIrma #Irma #CBS11NewsEvening
I mean ... as a Florida resident a win would have helped with Irma . I kid I kid .
So you ready for Irma jr ?
cry me a fucking river
My heart is hurting so much stop please find this man & provide him with safety & everything he needs & ever want
I added a video to a playlist END TIMES STORMS IRMA GET YOUR SPIRITUAL HOUSE IN ORDER LAST DAYS
Not gonna lie ... spent the majority of my work week googling hurricane tips . #Irma #boardupwhat
I'm in the green Great
I just need #HurricaneIrma to leave all us alone and let us live ! ! ! She need to go back into the water and die ! !
Evacuated from Sarasota FL to Atlanta GA today via I 75 . About 500 miles of stop and go traffic . 15 hours total . #Irma #Irma2017
If Irma continues on the projected path at the same wind speed of 185 AL GA MS & SC are in grave danger .
Evacuation Ordered For Coastal GA For Irma
Irma Wreaks Havoc In St . Thomas ; Schneider Hospital Suffers Catastrophic Failure
ProTesting Looks like the message got a little messed up . You can review our Hurricane Irma Travel Waivers he
$ 100 flights out of with . #miami #Irma #hurricane #soflo
GET FREE QUALITY #FOLLOWERS PER DAY #HurricaneIrma #BodyFixers #ThorRagnarok
429 and FL Turnpike is clear sailing northbound ! #Irma
1 2 People of all colors religions and political views were affected by #Harvey . #Irma will be even worse .
Hurricane Irma LIVE 11pm update from the National Hurricane Center NOAA latest path
Something that will be not good LMAO YOU THINK ? ? ?
With another hurricane following . Unbelievable .
Chicago & Afghanistan beg to differ
Gotta a lady plus Irma gonna try and pipe me
For those who live in FL .. easy Tip to charge your Phone in a Emergency from Hurricane Irma ! ! ! PLEASE SHARE
The REAL Harvey & Irma celebrate their 75th wedding anniversary
Why the fuck would you ...
Irma How to use the internet during the storm
Nasa shares video of Hurricane Irma viewed from space
PROOF that Democrats are the Stupidest People on Planet Earth ... Mar a Lago is on the beach and dead nuts in t
With #hurricaneirma2017 breathing down your neck hope you and your loved ones stay safe my friend . Got room in KC if needed . Man
Hurricane Irma has Florida zoos wildlife parks preparing for Category 5 storm Fox News
These hurricanes are a problem yazi . Disastrous . Praying for all on it's path . #HurricaneIrma
Litany Prayer before a ... Litany Prayer before a hurricane #florida #hurricane #Irma ...
Praying for all of my friends back home in Miami . Y'all please be safe down there . #Irma #PrayForFlorida
I swear if Irma kills me before I get to post Youthful Bliss I'm coming back and haunting SOMEONE
If Irma could stop moving west that would be greatttttttt
Category 6 doesn't exist fake news
At times like this we need to put politics aside and do what has to be done . Natural disasters don't give a damn w
This is how you weather a storm style ... board games and snacks ... totally calm #IrmaHurricane2017
Island destruction never underestimate a hurricane via
The latest Fowler Show Toplines ! Thanks to #irma #hurricaneirma
US Navy Helps a Mother and Child During Relief Efforts in the U . S . Virgin Islands Following
Just treated TF outta
when the #stormchasers are bricking its time to get the hell out of town . #Irma2017 #florida #miami #HurricaneIrma #usa #Hurricane #besafe
Go to MayorsAide Lauderhill on FB for Hurricane Irma notes from conference call tonight w Gov . Scott and Mayors
TX And now on to Irma
Hurricane Irma flood insurance reform Raise rates roll back subsidies get real about risk
So kind of them to let us in ! It was a #slurpee emergency ...
Irma's Cat 5 hurricane force winds via r videos
St . Martin St . Maarten was one of the most #beautiful islands anywhere . Irma destroyed it . #Destroyed .
THEY TIED THEMSELVES TO FUCKING ROOFS TO STAY GROUNDED
Hurricanes Jose and Katia are right behind Irma Here's what you need to know .
Indy man rides out Irma in Puerto Rico hotel lobby
My thoughts and prayers are with you and everyone evacuating . Please don't leave any furry buddy behind ... #HurricaneIrma
gonna fuck irma in the ass . since thats what im good at
To left to left ... We are back in the cone . Gah Irma girl stop being wishy washy and make up your dang mind !
#HurricaneIrma's path is clear . You'd think the media would learn how to pronounce the names of the affected Caribbean islands .
What if Irma isn't my storm ?
Factbox Trump on Twitter September 7 Sheikh Sabah Hurricane Irma DACA by REUTERS via NYT
Massive Hurricane Irma triggers storm surge hurricane warnings for south Florida and Florida Keys
27StormTrack The latest on #Irma and some good news about a GREAT weekend around here with StarDerryWX 4 30 7AM
Hurricane Irma .. just aim for Mar a lago destroy it & then back out to sea . Thanks . America
Hurricane Irma Emmanuel Macron Brexit Your Friday Briefing by KATHERINE McKENNA and PATRICK BOEHLER via NYT
Imma need Irma to come blow me away now alrighty
Latest update from Atlantic it's getting real for South Florida . #HurricaneIrma
#Thanks for $ 250 000 donation Disaster Relief Efforts . #Irma Help Impact Lives Donate Now
I encourage everyone to keep an eye on THIS motherfucker ... an impending cat 5 hurricane can be a great distraction .
#SpaceX beats 50 50 odds launches secretive US military satellite before #HurricaneIrma hits
Hurricane Irma Florida theme park information
Oof . Evacuate if you can . #irma
2 2 Students who could've evacuated days ago are now stuck in FL w gas & other essentials at critical lows & Irma's path still unclear .
Hurricane Irma Networks Cable News Plan Extensive Coverage Of Nuclear Storm Update
Turks & Caicos & our neighboring countries even though I'm not there to go through it with you Stay Strong Our Lord is Mighty . #Irma
When they completely shut down everything 8 hours later lol
The silence I felt when I left home was so violent . IM ! AM ! .. #hurricaneirma2017 don't fuck us like the news are
Irma better come on with it before I eat all the junk food we just got for the hurricane
Newest tropical track from #NHC Hurricane Irma Potential Storm Surge Flooding Map
#Washington Richard Branson emerges from wine cellar bunker after Hurricane Irma ' devasta
Anyone know what time GEFS runs ? #irma #HurricaneIrma GFS
As Hurricane Irma approaches closer and closer to Florida join us in prayer . Prayer for all
Newest tropical track from #NHC Hurricane Irma Probabilistic Storm Surge Graphics
When you were supposed to be evacuating to Atlanta Saturday but Irma decides to take her ass right to the heart of metro Atlanta
Harvey and Irma have been married for 75 years and insist they're unrelated to their hurricane namesakes
Hurricane Irma heads toward Florida leaves destruction in its wake Read more #Safety
Only in Amerikkka ! A Florida sheriff's plan to check warrants at hurricane shelters could risk lives writes
Andrew was more compact Irma being bigger doesn't mean its stronger more dangerous .
#ClimateChangeIsReal #MotherNature is #pissedoff hoping all my family in #Florida stays safe w #Irma bearing down .
Simply this generation hasn't seen a major hurricane strike . Educate educate educate #Irma #Miami
P . S . The man with the heart of gold is an immigrant .
. please take a road trip tomorrow . cc AreWe
Another Irma comparison . France gone #spanishdream
Hurricane Irma is looking very very frightening and it's heading direct to Florida including Miami . Scary few days coming up !
There's rule 34 of 9 11 more than i thought Of course there will be R34 of Hurricane Irma !
I would say the same thing but my girl Irma will take it literal
95 % ... that is unfathomable
My God ! I hope whoever shot this is safe . I'd have had to get tf outta dodge
just evacuate they say Smh
The fact that two states being walloped by unprecedented hurricanes are also dominated #ClimateChange deniers
GayHills . Com Floridians jam highways to flee Hurricane Irma CNN see more
I liked a video Hurricane Irma Destroys St . Maarten St . Martin
This puts it in perspective for those wondering the difference between hurricanes and tornadoes .
Hurricane Irma us now heading towards Georgia
Hurricane Irma ... what did Florida ever do to you ?
Hurricane Irma #umichengin researchers are forecasting power outages & tracking intensification . via
Top story HURRICANE IRMA see more
Have U already written up UR phony insurance claim for Maralago damages from Irma ? U know like U
UPDATE Be persistent in Your attempts at destroying the eye of Irma . Love and Light Rick
Ti thm video vo danh sch pht MUST WATCH Hurricane Irma Churning Through Caribbean Hits Turks
I grew up in Central Florida was a kid during Andrew ... I think Irma just took the whole " monster storm " title from him
Key Largo 1948 film trailer ... great movie to watch while shuttered in during Irma
If there's any positive outcome from #HurricaneIrma it's that I had to start Alex Smith . Then I think about the climate change
I had studio time for tomorrow blood Irma fucking the New Waves up mannn we back to the basic Tho on steroids with
Virgin Money Giving British Red Cross Campaigns Hurricane Irma Appeal via
Florida Residents Are Scrambling To Leave Before Hurricane Irma Strikes
I'm sick of this imbecile
As Texas recovers from Hurricane Harvey the Caribbean Florida and southeastern US brace for Irma .
E no go better for hurricane Irma . This is how my dream vacation won't happen . birthday weekend that I have planned for
Hurricane Irma sowed deadly devastation through the Caribbean on Wednesday reducing to rubble the tropical islands
SXM Festival launches campaign to rebuild St . Martin in the wake of Hurricane Irma
All these hurricanes and i dont see no coverage talking about how climate change perpetuated this weather season . #harvey #irma #jose #katia
#HurricaneIrma kills two in Puerto Rico AFP
Seriously this Map has Irma coming up to Minnesota #wtf
Florida air travel starts to shut down ahead of Irma via #socialmedia #mlm
#MONEY #IRMA FoxBusiness . RepBrianBabin " I was elected by a large plurality in my district to get things done and I'm very disappointed t
Florida air travel starts to shut down ahead of Irma
Greater love hath no one than to lay down your life for a friend .
11 11 and Joan's safety during Hurricane Irma please stay safe guys ! !
I hope this doesn't turn out like Haiti
IF IRMA FUCK ME UP AND I DIE I WILL DIE HAPPY CAUSE THE PATRIOTS BOUTA TAKE THIS FAT L
#Chiefs #HurricaneIrma #BREAKING tehlike ucuz atlatld
At least it went down to a 3
Miami Palm Beach officially on hurricane warning . #Irma still blowing 185mph winds #HurricaneIrma2017
Mobile Hotels Booked For The Weekend As Hurricane Irma Evacuees Come in From Florida
Sep 08 2017 Irma storm surge height #FLwx #Irma via
The effects of climate change are no longer subtle .
This is our gift before IRMA . Thank you Kansas City !
Seminoles Gators cancel games as Hurricane Irma approaches Florida ESPN #sport #news
The evacuation scene along I 75 is unreal . It just doesn't end . The social response side of events like this is incredible . #HurricaneIrma
Are you safe from Irma ? I have a few friends in FL refusing to evacuate it's giving me anxiety .
LZ Save the gaming PC from Irma ! ! ! do it for the PCMR
We need more of this . And guess what ? I have a feeling he's not only a good person he's an immigrant .
Hurricane Irma responsible for 10 deaths threatens Miami
Irma ain't fuckin up my plans oomf what you tryna get into
Am i the only one whos excited & ready to get irma over with already
Aerial photos of Hurricane Irma destruction
Hurricane Josh is brewing and hopefully he takes out Paul Island ! #BB19
To me moments like this serve as a reminder of how fragile life is . We place too much value on the temporary trapp
Stay safe po . May our LORD ALMIGHTY give you all a protection & safety to hurricane Irma #ALDUBMakasamaKa
Family is evacuating from Charleston this weekend .. praying for everyone that may be greatly impacted by Irma ! #ElonCore
Has irma touched down yet
He's on now saying " It looked like a bomb went off " after hurricane . Should someone tell Key Largo partiers ? ?
thats crazyyy
Too bad the Dolphins are playing this weekend ... bigger problems hoping I wake up to Irma heading out to sea #Finsup
The #Patriots losing is South Floridas last treat before #HurricaneIrma wipes us away .
Oh lord
Ti thm video vo danh sch pht Live footage Direct shooting when Hurricane Irma destroys the
I cant remember the last time I was scared of anything . I'm ducking terrified #HurricaneIrma
Andrew 1992 caused a devastating blow to South Florida . Many homes and lives lost ! Now here's Irma bigger strong
Everyone is a little on edge including myself as #HurricaneIrma is fast approaching . Feel confident that you're ...
Happy Birthday Mama Mary . Please keep us safe from harm and steer Irma away from South Carolina . Thank You . #ALDUBMakasamaKa
Irma barrels toward Florida NYC and NYS deploy task force of NYPD FDNY EMS
Bro as long as the patriots lose Irma can do whatever the hell it wants ! ! I'm in south Florida . Fins up
The time to talk about climate change is 15 minutes after the solar industry gives me more money than the O & G indus
I added a video to a playlist NEW NHC IRMA UPDATE HURRICANE WARNING MEGASTORM EYES MIAMI
That's fake sound
Hurricane Irma likely to batter insurers on many fronts via #insurance
Tried looking up info on hurricane Irma ... this is the first thing that popped up . Congrats on your 75yr marriage
IRMA U Haul offers 30 days free self storage at 96 facilities in Florida
sooo how long until servers are back up ? Please let me play Madden before Hurricane Irma destroys my state .
Atlantic Hrcne Season 2017 Extremely Dangerous Monster > deadly < Hrcne Irma near South FL US with 895 mb 10.09 . 2017 06 00 UTC
Cause of hurricane Irma discovered !
Holla at cha boy Ole Hollis got you son
Anyone thinking of riding this out is insane
Hurricane Irma kills four in U . S . Virgin islands government .. Related Articles
I will tweet #Irma updates from Ft Lauderdale . Thursday Night Neighborhood is quiet . Weather is eerily beautiful t
Hurricane Irma Potential Storm Surge Flooding Map PLS RT #Hurricane #Weather #News #Miami
#TopNews Kevin Smith thinks God wont protect mom from Irma after Dogma '
The Original Harvey & Irma Impacted Lives for the Better by Fostering 120 Kids .
Puerto Rico's money woes ' dire ' after Hurricane Irma as Jose lurks ABC News via
Unconstitutional Weapons Seized ! Happening Now ! Hurricane IRMA This is What is REALLY Happening ! Shocking Video
My buddy in Miami got the hell out this morning . He's in sumterville Florida goin North ! God bless Florida . #hurricaneirma2017
search tons of Orlando hotels ! Get some rest ! #hurricaneirma2017 many hotels are accepting animals
well there goes my post for the game . Might cover a hurricane one once the storm passes .
BREAKING Two killed in Puerto Rico due to Hurricane Irma
Donate to One America Appeal and help millions of Americans impacted by Hurricanes Harvey and Irma #OneAmericaAppeal
Praying for #Florida #hurricaneirma
Bring it on Irma
Great tips in this thread on #HurricaneIrma .
Hurricane Irma Emmanuel Macron Brexit Your Friday Briefing
Soooo scared about the whole hurricane Irma hoping it doesn't affects us as much as they're anticipating . #PrayForFlorida
Tonight at 10 #HurricaneIrma forces a South Bay family to cancel Disney trip and costs them hundreds of dollars in
The Weather Channel Live Hurricane Irma Cat 5 Florida Live Coverage 24 7
DON'T EVER QUIT ! YOU CAN DO IT ! #Irma #inspiration #motivation #success #trump
#Cuba evacuated 10 000 foreign tourists & raised disaster alert level to maximum as #HurricaneIrma rapidly approached island .
This is terrifying ! #HurricaneIrma #Praying
Help Join me to push #HurricaneIrma away . Sacred Higher Heart Activation 518hz Frequency Love & DNA Repair
This hurricane season needs to chill #Harvey #Irma #Jose #Katia
Asked nicole if she was gonna be safe from Irma and she goes " who knows guess we'll see " so I'm glad that got out of there
So that's what made her move ? Hmmm . #hurricaneirma2017 #HurricaneJose
Hurricane Irma kills 14 in Caribbean heads for Florida
Seriously . You have NK Harvey and Irma ... and you have some of these nitwits are out protesting b
Only thing bringin me peace rn Praying to Goddess #irma doesn't blow me away
Hurricane Irma threatens Trumps Mar a Lago prompting evacuation order
What an incredible image . #IrmaHurricane
Flight cancelled because of #Irma and and couldn't have been anymore accommodating . Thank you both !
Fuuuuuck . I just realized Irma must be one of Lil Pump's old thots . No wonder its Florida
Hurricane Irma Why you should never use a generator during a storm
Story Time Big Beard Business Life Update and Hurricane Irma #beardcaretips
As a #stoner Stay tuned to for #HurricaneIrma News and to see the suit Cliff Claven chose for #AlRoker to ware .
This is getting out of control ! cabron
YOU GUYS ! My devotional for September 8 ! ! Praise God ! Amen . Mark 4 39 " Quiet ! Be still . " #HurricaneIrma
How Hurricane Irma could impact Trump's luxury properties in Florida
My whatsapp has been blowing up with video of the aftermath of Irma .
Cameraman almost wiped out by Irma's waves
This Delta Plane Flew Through Category 5 Hurricane Irma
Pregnant woman from Saint Thomas stranded in Indiana Hurricane Irma destroys home
This is the relief I needed from #HurricaneIrma .
And that doesn't even count PBI and all the many GA airports in the area .
Terrified of Irma ! I'm so scared my trees are going to fall onto into my house . I can't afford my insurance deductible .
Wish hotels would lower their minimum check in age to 18 for people evacuating from #Irma it's ridiculous I can't stay somewhere bc I'm 20
FUCK THAT NIGGA HOUSE WHERE THE DOGS AT ? IS THEY SAFE ?
How Hurricane Irma could impact Trumps luxury properties in Florida
Irma si abbatte sui Caraibi vittime ... #apple #android #microsoft #news #offerte #whatsapp #twitter #computer
Photos Immokalee families plan to evacuate trailers as Irma nears
This is how presidents act . Excellent .
Pro surfer Zander Venezia dead at 16 following accident in Hurricane Irma swell
The latest The Zahir shamsery Daily ! Thanks to #expressfrontpage #hurricaneirma
Read The Evangeline Cobalt Daily #irma #florida
So I was speaking to a proper doomsday preper tonight ... his fear is that Hurricane Irma is gonna cause mass cannibalism ... no lie !
I think what Driftin ' cowboy was referring to is a hurricane the strength of Irma comes around every 250 yrs .
Wow ! ! ! Really ? !
Florida man takes on hurricane Irma with weeb powers and bullets
Nations Are Rushing to Help the Islands Devastated by Hurricane Irma via
Sending good thoughts to everyone in Charleston .
#breakingnews #news Is St . Petersburg Florida Evacuating Because of Hurricane Irma ?
Traffic nightmares as people flee Florida before Irma hits via
Hey guys . This is the latest I do on Hurricane Irma . PLEASE EVERYONE WATCH THIS VIDEO ! !
LoL ... But it exactly proves why they SHOULD listen to women ! #BitchesGetStuffDone #ClimateChange #HellHathNoFury
xu student media coverage needs your Florida Ga Carolinas contacts for Irma coverage . Email herald ? edu .
EVERYONE leaving Vero Beach Florida ! #Irma
Hurricane Irma Evacuees Swarm Miami International Airport #Celebrity
#TampaBay wake up Friday ready to start executing your #hurricaneirma plan . You won't have much time to act after early Saturday #sayfie 2 2
praying to god that my brother stays safe if he gets hit by hurricane irma
Unfortunately Trump is not at Mar De Lago and won't be meeting the Wizard of Oz when Irma hits .
#Hurricane Irma Where is the storm and where is it going next ?
What if Irma hits Florida turns back around towards the ocean & clash with that hurricane Jose that was right behind it
God save from hurricane.damages due to Irma not Karma .
Harvey & Irma victms sure cud use that 150b Obummer gve away as he stoled from SS & everywhere else . We need all politcns trn N ur drty $ $ $
The fuck .
in honor of those who are sticking around for irma . i provide you the essential playlist
this irma bullshit needs to Die tbh
Oh my ... worrying About so many ... god bless .
If you want to help out the people affected by #HurricaneHarvey & #hurricaneirma2017 Head over to
We should have a hurricane party to get away from Florida & Irma with the britneyandbaby fam ! ! I live in Central Florida
Nevis Steers Clear of Major Irma Damage
Oh can I check in w your local office ?
URGENT Lets Dissipate Hurricane Irma in Compassionate Unity #blue #dragon #journal
Truth or dare Irma style
If you live anywhere in #Florida & think you are safe from #HurricaneIrma look at this image . Entire state faces im
Christ Fellowship Miami is doing an amazing job helping people prepare for Hurricane Irma . Pray for their safety &
I live 60 miles due west from the Atlantic Ocean . Irma's path is scaring the hell out of me !
imagine if irma destroys the state of florida
Kenny Chesney Asks Fans to Spread the Love in Hurricane Irmas Wake
Delta Flight Races To Depart Puerto Rico Before Hurricane Irma Arrives
nah ... not leaving ... it's okay ... IRMA wont come until sat sun
Delta Flight Races To Depart Puerto Rico Before Hurricane Irma Arrives via Yahoo !
That's impressive and totally scary !
These Photos Show Hurricane Irma's Destructive Path Across The Caribbean
Georgia Muslims Encourage Evacuees Fr Hurr Irma 2 Use Local Mosques as Temporary Shelters CAIR via
I guess Mother Nature has a sense of humor .
i hope y'all realize that some people don't have the finances to just up and go some are disabled there's elderly
Hurricane Irma Music Video Watch full video on Yotube #ochilink
Joe I appreciate what you do and you're right but with respect this below qualifies as scaremongering . It's no
Hurricane Irma is literally the size of Texas . Prayers for all .
May GOD Bless the caribean and Florida and protect us from Irma ! !
Cuba Leads the Way in Hurricane Irma Preparedness
When Hurricane Irma is slowly coming my way and I'm highkey not prepared ... but we good !
Irma Proves Were Getting Smarter About the Weather
Nation Update Jose could impact Irma relief
Thoughts and prayers for those in the path of #Irma . I hope you got the fuck out .
Best predictions on strength as #Irma moves north ? Have seen Cat 3 at Gainesville realistic ?
Help is needed for in SXM
Please take note of this ! !
Two South Florida nuclear power plants lie in Irma's path . Are they ready ? via r news
Irma Looms as Mythical Big One Florida Has Long Feared They call it the Big One a mythic
Oh my god this video just put things into perspective 10x harder . Praying for everyone in its path
Well I know sent Thoughts & Prayers . I imagine sending actual aid was taking things too far . #Harvey
Yo can we get a better variety of graphics . U keep with the same stuff . We cant even calculate exactly where Irma is by what u showin
Godspeed you all and your homes safely through the storms .
We interrupt this constant Irma coverage to bring you tonights #DCCMakingTheTeam . Because we all need this mindlessness .
So it's The Purge .
So thankful for a new #RegularGirls tonight . Taking my mind off of #Irma . Thank you and
but Rush Goombah says it is a fake hurricane a climate change conspiracy . Who 2 believe who 2 believe ? ? #hurricaneirma2017
5 and 15 day running total ACE for 2017 compared to climatology . The next couple days will break records #Irma
In one day ?
Full fury of Irma bearing down on South Florida
Hurricane Irma on track to be costliest Atlantic storm ever Analyst
this is fantastic and whomever found them deserves a big raise
ROTFLMAO Hurricane Irma not in the same league as others ! #climatechange #climatechangeisreal
Plane in race against mother nature to make it in and out of Puerto Rico before hurricane hits
Big shift west for Hurricane Irma's forecast track
Man Irma is changing directions . This issh is crazy !
Nature fascinates me . Imma die tho ... but nature fascinates me .
My heartfelt best wishes to all those affected by Hurricane Irma ! May we soon react towards man affected climate changes ...
Ow right in the feels
But climate change isn't real
Hurricane irma cant get here soon enough .
The latest The Pressence PR Daily ! #hurricaneirma #pressreleases
Can we rename it something scarier ? Because ...
Sending Prayers for family associates & ALL in the path of Irma Stay Alert Informed & as Safe as you can !
I wish you guys the best .
We could call it Takei but that's old and hasn't been relevant since the 70 ' s
This is the definition of Schadenfreude . Trump Organization prepares Mar A Lago for Hurricane Irma
Getting ready for Hurricane Irma volunteer transport needed via
Irma Pet owners have rights during evacuation shelter during storms
Wait Irma will hit as a cat 3 ? Or am I misreading
I don't want Irma to hit but if by some miracle it veers off to the east Floridians will NEVER take a hurricane warning serious ever again
Using AR to showcase the size of Hurricane #Irma
If #Irma doesn't kill me diabetes will . I've already eaten a whole cookie container from the hurricane snack pile . #showrestraint
Sean why is Fox lying about Irma ?
I support your cause with Irma but can you make your company work ? frauded by since June 17 and no one helps .
Mobile Hotels Booked For The Weekend As Hurricane Irma Evacuees Come In From pls RT #WKRG
MUT Are servers down ! ! ! Maybe cuz hurricane irma ?
RT CNNTonight Irma survivor on St . Thomas says she is amazed she made it through the night
Okay getting a slight panic attack over Irma . I will be fine but doesn't make it less scary
When you see this much AIS traffic heading the same way you know it's bad . #Irma is no joke .
Please keep in your thoughts as #HurricaneIrma approaches #FLKeys please #TGIF
Yea so potentially 6 hours of the worst part of Irma even if it is moving 15 miles an hour .
#alligatornado #HurricaneIrma next installment of the franchise ?
stat safe ! stay dry ! stay fresh ! #hurricaneirma #games #Splatoon2 #NintendoSwitch
This Irma update is making me feel a lot better . We can handle a Cat 2 in Orlando
When Hurricane Irma's path is predicted to shift towards NW Florida and you happen to live in the North Western part of Florida ...
Such a man of eloquent words .
Man where tf am I supposed to go
Set up the tweet because of Hurrican IRMA . Thought it might help .
I don't think Tampa is going far enough from Miami to find safety from Irma !
Hurricane Irma UK increases relief fund to 32m
#BREAKING Hurricane and Storm Surge Warnings have been issued for Florida ahead of #Irma
I said more intelligent things when I was in 3rd grade
Another island entering the eye tonight . That's Little Inagua . Uninhabited but home to many rare birds and turtles .
Sooo the new path showin Hurricane irma coming to Memphis ... bruh
... Sending my footwear family in Florida prayers during this time of need . #RidgeStrong #HurricaineIrma
Tbh I'm just here like what business he even got going near there when he know Irma bout de place
The house is on fire now is not the time to talk about the fire
Once there was an island known as Barbuda . After Hurricane Irma much of it is gone
grimes AKA flights don't come in so peeps don't need cars
Irma Florida sheriff threatens jail for anyone with outstanding warrants seeking shelter
When you laughing at all the hurricane Irma memes but you see that bitch not slowing down
There's no need of sympathy toward #RichardBranson ' s estate . It was probably a pleasure being violently raped by
It's been 5 hours since my friend's last #irma update from T & C power was out & she didn't know how long battery internet would last .
GO THE FUCK AWAY IRMA AND JOSE ! ! !
#Hurricane #Irma 175 mph 10 deaths thousands of #evacuees
Also ... There are no football games in the state of Florida this weekend which is just unreal . Prayers for those in the path of Irma .
Low temps tonight . See more on Irma at #wx #irma #cold #low #storm #temps #rain #flooding
That's chilling .
Hurricane Irma likely to batter insurers on many fronts
I saw someone commenting fake on hurricane irma footage ... Okay what
Meet Harvey and Irma . They've been married for 75 years .
please ask the blue Avians to soften the blow on Irma so I can believe u pleaseeeee .
#LHPStrong #Irma We love our city ! We packed up and secured office and house . Left tonight and
New post How colleges are keeping students safe from Hurricane Irma #4dultrasound
The president has a chance to show real leadership during hurricane Irma by going to Mar a Lago now !
You're leaving to st Augustine ...
Major Hurricane Irma to pummel Florida
Police Officer involved shooting at Miami airport as Irma approaches
Retweeted Bigbangnews Intent surfear en pleno huracn Irma y se convirti en la primera vctima ...
Irma Jose and Katia mark the first time since 2010 that three active hurricanes have been in the Atlantic
so many emotions
The #moon #tonight So calm ... #scary for real #hurricaneirma
#Comey #ComeyDay #Lordy #LordyIHopeThereAreTapes Hurricane Irma's impending landfall in Florida forces airlines t
With this whole Irma situation ... SAVE ORLANDO DISNEYLAND
#ncwx #hurricaneirma #noaa 11pm Advisory details on Irma
damage it caused florida and now we're living a storm that's way bigger . like . how can you see something like irma and not believe in 2
#PrayingForFlorida praying that Hurricane Irma looses its strength ! ! ! Praying for my family's safety and everyone else ! Stay safe !
My prayers go to all the people affected from Hurricane Irma .
miss irma better kill me my life is just getting worse im ugly im getting fatter im incapable of love im depressed
#FentyBeauty #nflse Nordea #opinionlive Irma #nordicjs Djurgrden David Lagercrantz Dan Eliasson Florida 21
I feel a string breeze rn Irma Comin bro
What's the over under on pictures of Trump walking Mar a Lago the day after Irma ?
I liked a video HURRICANE IRMA WILL BREAK ALL RECORDS THAT HARVEY JUST SET SEPTEMBER 2017 !
Happy Birthday my dude ! we gotta celebrate after this bitch Irma goes away
Look at my beautiful island just here in the middle of the Caribbean Sea just unbothered by Irma .
I was there it still brings shivers thinking about it . No elec water for a month . worst part of s
What if i told you this Your . God . Is . Allowing . This . To . Happen . This isnt the time to talk about Religion its
PLS family friends leave for safety if you can NOW ! This storm can KILL you ! Leave Now !
Yeah . Yeah this is insanely badass . And caused by airline extreme COMPETENCE for a change ! #Irma
New post Hurricane Irma's impact on Puerto Rico has been published on News Live Today
The greatest military power in the world can't evacuate stranded residents ? ! ? That's a strange way of serving your
Hurricane Irma ' I have declared a state of emergency '
Stay as safe as you can Florida #HurricaneIrma
I think the fuck not you trick ass biiihhhhh
Finna go home & get my house right . Irma got me & my house fxcked up
Day after tomorrow 2017 edition ?
The latest HITZ International Daily ! #breaking #hurricaneirma
This ain't cool ... makes ol Drew look like an afternoon shower ...
Florida Gov . Rick Scott warns Hurricane Irma " storm surge can kill you " via
Again just one model . But 0Z GFS #Irma track is absolute worst case for #FL E coast . Devastating eyewall rake of e
How r u guys holding up with the storm ? #hurricaneirma2017
California in flames Oregon in flames Montana in flames Canada in flames Texas drowned Idaho 5.3 EQ Hurricane Irma and Jose is forming
#SilverLining #HurricaneIrma Could Impact #Trump's Luxury Properties In #Florida via
Thursday Evening Update on Irma Jose and Katia
Parking facilities at and are full to capacity . #Hurricane #IRMA #MIAwx #FLLwx
Me trying to restate my thesis in an essay without using the exact same words
bitch ditched me 3
In the face of threat posed by Hurricane #Irma people across the US started opening their homes to help evacu
Reporter's Notebook My experience with two Hurricane Irma victims . LinzieJanis reports
As #Irma moves toward the US we look back at some of the most devastating storms to form over the Atlantic
Hurricane Irma's impending landfall in Florida forces airlines to start shutting down ahead of the powerful storm
nytimes Residents across South Florida scrambled to finalize preparations as Hurricane Irma approached
Hurricane Irma drink
I invited Irma to my birthday party and she appearently is coming in with a bang
Last flight from Orlando International Airport leaves at 5 pm Saturday
Makes me so sad knowing that this all could be ruined because of hurricane Irma
Forecasters predict slight shift in Hurricane Irma's track
Amid #Hurricane #Irma #Prep #Florida #Man #Offers #Generator ... #Topstories
Miami Mayor Urging Residents to Evacuate Calls Irma a ' Nuclear Hurricane '
Wishing my friends and family safety against Irma
EPA chief on Irma The time to talk climate change isn't now CNN You won't EVER think it's time . Spare us .
In addition to the larger wind field we could actually see a temporary and slight strengthening period as #Irma pulls this eyewall inward
LIVE HURRICANE IRMA Tracking HEADING TOWARD FLORIDA 185 MPH CAT 5 Pr ... via
Stop in Orlando on the way to Tallahassee to escape Irma . This trip normally takes 3 4 hours . She has two young children a husband & 2
Uhh .. when did the path shift over GA ? ?
ALL CONCERNED Flight delays and problems are to be expected as a result of hurricane Irma please don't entirely
All head office of cruise lines is in miami . Probably closed now cause irma
#finance Irma likely to batter insurers on many fronts
Given announcement that #Irma is " #Nuclear #Hurricane " it's wise to shut these down
Keep your devices charged during an outtage #Irma
niece leaving Savannah heading to Charlotte . Leaving middle of night to hope to avoid major traffic . #Irma #prayers
Not every day you see a KP8 my knowledge of this is rudimentary at best is
Do you see where IRMA is going ?
Unbelievable . My wife's family rode out Katrina from Biloxi . Told them if Irma g
Yes that says 50 fifty feet . #Irma
#HurricaneIrma #irma GOT MY #MandelaDay #iPhone #SIX Case #MADIBA #CTL #BLM #CTL #ocra
Um ... Bill Madden stated Irma is distracting news shows from Trump's criminali
How to keep your pets calm during Hurricane Irma via
The Way FL Looking Irma Have To Think About This
At were creating a landing page to help those affected by Hurricane Harvey and Irma . Email santiago
Even if you had Russian FOAB . 044 Kt yield is nothing . Look at blast radius 300 m
Everyone has been praying & We are steering #Irma away to spare Lives Please don't give up the prayers & faith . It '
florida a lil petite ass bitch like me
With new track #HurricaneIrma will end up 335 miles east of LR when it finally weakens to a depression Tuesday .
Residents across South Florida scrambled to finalize preparations as Hurricane Irma approached
Don't take it personal if they didn't check in with you before Hurricane Irma . It is what it is .
Naval Station Mayport Sends Ships to Sea Ahead of Hurricane Irma
Devastating hit expected from Hurricane Irma
Donald Trump's Mar a Lago resort evacuated in face of Hurricane Irma
Monstrous Hurricane Irma Kills 14 in Caribbean Heads for Florida " Monstrous Hurricane
Irma ain't even her and it's crazy
Ridiculously I was told in the HoC today that I ' lacked humanity ' for linking Hurricane Irma with climate change
#WOINZ #nzgdc17 #Irma #stuffdebate Canterbury #USOpen Colmar Brunton TVNZ Maori Welly 52
The only people going southbound on i75 are semis and FPL trucks . #HurricaneIrma
y'all think going to orlando for irma instead of being in miami would be safer ? ? PLS VOTE
What is your station or cluster doing to get ready for Irma ? Send all the details to
California Guard Heads Out to Fight Fires Assist With Hurricane Irma
praying for you and family ... stay safe #irma
#breakingnews #news Recent ECU grad not taking chances with Hurricane Irma approaching Florida
when u needa look good for ur last day on earth but ur also fed up with #hurricaneirma2017
& the rain has begun in Boca Raton FL #hurricaneirma2017
Northcom Begins Support for Hurricane Irma
that sanataria meme is working
Hurricane Irma toll hits 10 increasing threat for Florida
What'll be their excuse next week when Irma has departed ?
Models have forecast some weakening of #Irma despite poor initialization . I hope people do not let their guard down IF it goes to Cat 4
Your MCM don't understand what wind shear is
People in Florida #HurricaneIrma
Wow . Scary .
Everything you need to know about Hurricane Irma #science
Really just saw someone say in a comment that " Irma isn't a category 5 and it's fake news " .
#HurricaneIrma wouldn't have formed if you damn libtard snowflakes would quit disrespecting our president . Trump's reign is the will of God .
Don't act like you're surprised at all
Oh hell no ... give nothing to Clinton foundation remember Haiti there are plenty of other organizations that have
Praying for Florida and the areas south of FL ... Before the Storm During the Storm After the Storm #irma ...
The latest The US Embassy Sweden Daily ! Thanks to #irma #hurricaneirma
BREAKING The Best Weatherman just declared war on Hurricane Irma
#irma If you do not have a way to evacuate please call our transportation hotline at 1 800 955 5504 . We will get you out .
#hurricaneirma2017 Surely not in our Developed and Civilized Country What has #TrumpRussia policy instituted ? S
Take a look at this nutcase reporter ! #Irma #DominicanRepublic
BREAKING Hurricane Irma AMA scheduled for early Saturday morning
#BPWORLD Hurricane Irma Lashes Haiti with Fierce Winds Heavy Rain
Irma not a spot on the map but 400 miles across !
Maybe we'll see ours before Irma gets here .
Rozay
It's sort of blowing my mind that Irma is more likely to hit Kentucky than NJ . That isn't how hurricanes usually behave .
This joke POS for a speaker needs to go . He doesn't care about Americans . I don't see him in
o look there's me
Retweeted teleSUR English Venezuela sends aid to Hurricane Irma struck Antigua and Barbuda ...
Conditions in Turks and Caicos deteriorated as deadly Irma continued tracking toward the Sunshine State
Travel Agents juggling client plans in the wake of Hurricane Irma #KansasCity
If you have a holiday booked to the Caribbean you should read this
Irma cost could hit $ 125 billion or double that if it stays at Category 5 Credit Suisse says
I pray my dad stays safe in Florida from Irma
Non perishable food run in advance of #Irma . Plenty of bottled water at home .
lol ... it's as if #Irma is on a mission to destroy America ...
How about the son to be victims of Irma ! I'm trying to help raise money to help my sister get out of Na
RT death aint for me
This goes out to everyone in the path of Irma ...
Hope everyone stays safe throughout #hurricaneIrma #hurricanejose #hurricanekatia
Irma city official says crates are put in neutral so they can rotate with the wind .
Hurricanes in FL Fires in Oregon Floods in Texas and a Tiger on I 75 here in Nashville ... who's playing #Jumanji ! ? #Irma
Water in #FortMill cleared out at Publix Harris Teeter and Walmart . Bread and canned goods thin too . #Irma
hey Zwe is Irma gonna hit u bro ? If so stay safe hope everything goes well !
#Miami #Marlins stadium isn't a shelter for Miami residents during #hurricaneirma2017 ? Shame on you .
Hurricane IRMA Worst Case Scenario What is Really Happening ! via
I'm super worried for everyone in #HurricaneIrma's path including my husband's family . This is a big deal . Lord pl
giants this was twelve hours ago did we've all moved onto irma and demi lovato
Big shift west for Hurricane Irma's forecast track update
Carbon monoxide will kill your ass and you'll never know what hit you . Be careful it is completely odorless but wi
Heard that Irma may turn and hit Atlanta . Hope I'm wrong .
Hurricane Irma path UPDATE ' Very powerful eyewall ! ' forecaster's SHOCK Florida warning
Dude I don't think Irma cares about your sexual orientation #TookSomeTimeOnTheComeback
Estrada Smokin Jay first needs to survive Irma before hurricane Belichik rolls into town
BBC News Hurricane Irma pummels Turks and Caicos islands
Father God in Jesus's name redirect & push this monster of a storm back out in the ocean away from the East coas
Bless youand Prayers for all souls affected by Irma and waiting for this landfall
while the current one can't even do
Eric Allen No not a record storms that take long R usually a little weaker a
Hurricane Irma Florida running low on gas
The latest Anonymous News ! Thanks to #tcot #irma
Richard Branson emerges from wine cellar bunker after Hurricane Irma ' devastated ' his
Thanks for putting that idiot in his place for making that disgraceful comment ! #Maga
She's a record breaker . Most powerful hurricane for longest duration . #IrmaHurricane #IRMA
also made like 300 bucks tonight thanks irma
That Irma bunker
AU is funded by EU njena They broke AF
3 manufactured storms to create chaos fear negativity . We aren't fooled and will continue on our path to raise ou
The latest The Daily Way ! Thanks to news #church #hurricaneirma
#Irma may cause catastrophic damage accross #Florida .
What's fueling #Irma #Katia & #Jose ? Hot water That means stronger winds taller waves & higher storm surge . Source
Hurricane Irma live updates warning issued for Florida as storm pummels Bahamas and Haiti
Irma cry ' kay lemme walk out the door
It's crazy how peaceful it is just 48 hours from hurricane Irma arriving ..
Okay so ... yall NIGGAS keep texting BE SAFE . How that's gon help me ? SEND ME HURRICANE IRMA INSTEAD
Reporter's Notebook Two young women tell me their Irma ordeal RT and follow !
Hurricane #IRMA going to be one of the most catastrophic Hurricane ...
Hurricane Irma reaches Turks and Caicos Islands threatens Florida #HurricaneIrma #Florida #World #Irma
Hurricane Irma track Which forecasting model is most accurate ? USA TODAY
Hurricanes Jose and Katia are right behind Irma Heres what you need to know
They're precious !
Strong wording in NWS Hurricane Local Statement for South Florida ahead of #Irma WIND will be life threatening .
' Leave ! ' Florida's governor pleas with those in Hurricane Irma evacuation zones
Soon we're all gonna be like ... #irma #catchAWaterPokemon #HurricaneIrma via
Y'all trynna fuck with us but we not having it over here
Calm winds and light gentle rain in London this morning . Stands in contrast to the chaos created by Irma . God keep and protect us all .
So . Um . I was a person who volunteered to call families after Katrina to try to rehome rescued pets to them . Um . IRMA is worse . For the love
cindy Love you too ! ! Watching the Weather channel about to go to bed . If you need to come to come here ! ! #HurricaneIrma
Little hurricane #Andrew has been superimposed on this map showing big hurricane #HurricaneIrma . Andrew was a deva
Airplane races Irma to evacuate passengers
#CNN #HurricaneIrma hammering Turks & Caicos right now ! Too late to get out !
This hurricane is helping me catch feelings apparently ... worried about my bae who isn't my bae but isn't prepared for Irma so
come to Florida and watch miracle on on with me . I promise you'll be safe from Irma
Prayers going out to all my family and friends and anyone else who may be affected by Irma . Stay safe out there
Traffic nightmare as 500K people told to leave South Florida via .
Irma kills 14 in Caribbean heads for Florida Across the Caribbean authorities rushed to evacuate tens #WNN7com
Hurricane Irma could be Florida's mythical massive ' big one '
On hurricanes global warming environmental racism and anti immigrant laws Hurricane Irma wrecks havoc to
about to have some lit snapchat stories while im in the eye of irma
Taking this seriously What you should and shouldnt do with your pets during Irma
UNDP & OCHA contribute to relief efforts after Hurricane Irma Daily Briefing 6
Hurricane Irmas epic size may be fuelled by global warming #climatechange #irma #hurricaneimra
Hurricane Irma UK territory declares state of emergency . I truly feel sorry for them and hope they get help soon
IRMA UPDATE Westward shift in track continues #Tuscon
Parts of South Florida under hurricane watch as Irma approaches
While evacuations are well on their way our are heading now to Miami from Houston #Harvey 2 #Irma
LIVE BLOG Irma preps in the Carolinas
Repost from Irma 9.7 . 17 17 33h Be Prepared and Stay Safe Everyone .
DMV task force members deploy others on standby to assist with Irma relief
Evacuations issued for Miami as Irma heads for Florida Georgia's governor has ordered a mandatory evacuation
Three Hurricanes at once Irma Jose and Katia
If Irma destroys anything I hope it's subculture so I don't have to suffer through anymore tacos and hip hop
My whole house is done Irma gonna come through and pick my house up and eat it like it's the last cheez it on the b
#HurricaneIrma Florida Miami Dade Mandatory Evacuations via
I guess that unknown feeling was heaviness knowing what these people feel enduring #Irma and having to possibly experience #Jose thereafter
Irma shelters need to be safe HOT NEWS via
My location . #Irma
Irma pummels Turks and Caicos with 175mph winds The Turks and Caicos are being pounded by Hurricane Irma which
Hi ! If u have a little extra money consider donating to hurricane Harvey and Irma victims . Consider that hurricane Jose and Katia are coming
President Trump Said Hurricane Irma Is Not Good . Heres What Else Hes Called That
#HurricaneIrma is gonna hit SC in a few days and I plan on running out onto a beach wrapped in nothing but tinfoil when it does
Hacking Hurricanes #OpChemtrails
Hey Tay I hope you guys get to safwty before Irma hits FL coast . Stay safe !
Irma BETTA show her ass so I feel like this 17 hour drive was worth it
We are all stressed . Gotta have a little bit of hurricane fun . #irma
Hurricane Irma remains a Category 5 storm that ranks among the most powerful ever recorded ...
#HurricaneIrma Y are so many people still in S . FL . ! ! You live at sea level . H2O is pumped to sea if it just drizzles . Get out of there ! <3
And for excellent local #Irma coverage in Tampa follow Good luck with the storm !
Prayers for my family and everyone in Florida .. people send love ..
Reporter " s Notebook Two young women tell me their Irma ordeal
#ClimateChange is a hoax & those affected in #Caribbean mustn't think we'll accept refugees for some
Thinking to you when I saw this tweet . Hope all americans in Florida will be fine
The first islands hit by #HurricaneIrma were scenes of terrible destruction . #BREAKING #news
Fun fact hurricanes are named alphabetically . Harvey Irma Jose Katia and so on . That's done purposely because ... idk why they do this .
What to do when a hurricane is coming your way ? PARTY ! ! ! #hurricaneirma2017 #HurricaneIrma #rave #music #acidtechno
God is in control . #Irma
If he wastes any taxpayer money on repairs I stg
The World Newspaper Daily is out ! #actualidad #news #global #today #irma #lomasleido
Climate change Hurricane Irma slams Caribbean islands ! via
How can a human be so dense ? ? ?
Insane . Andrew was no joke . This is a beast .
#irma saddest thing is that broward hurricane shelters that allow pets are full . More need to be opened . People won't leave pets behind .
Wow 2 hurricanes in a row first Harvey hits Texas and now #HurricaneIrma is going to hit Florida
Left unit to escape addictive news of Hurricane Irma . Now coffee shop is almost playing my blues tracks . Yoko na . Sulat na lang ako tula .
omg this guy
Atlantic any predictions on storm surge in #Hialeah ? #Irma #IrmaHurricane #hurricaneirma2017 #askphil
The latest The Insurance Industry News Daily ! Thanks to #irma #gartnersec
It's official . Irma is Andrew's older sister .
The latest BobWired ! #irma #politico50
Hurricane Irma Nations Rush to Help Devastated Islands #SmartNews
I have sent so much love to everyone but especially to those who have asked and a deep focus on mama Gaia and Irma
. it's Irma payback time karma's a bitch ennit !
Irmaggedon ! Cat 5 Irma to Cover Florida in its Entirety ! Hurricane Jose East Coast Predicted 50 Foot Waves . Evacuat
Irma Inspires a Travel Search Where to Evacuate via A horrifying situation .
Consider helping Rockport TX . There's no water electric food . Help is trying to get in Houston & groups are being turned away . #IRMA
KarloMdz MyNews 13 RT Jason Lanning HEADED SOUTH to intercept #HurricaneIrma . We're live in Miami starting at 6a
Well that sucks
It's almost as if ...
#sheetcaking to make it through the day . #Irma #defenddaca
if in evacuation zone ... Irma looks to be bending to the N & W as it moves up Fl . I 95 north MIGHT b better
As Irma nears Florida Governor tells residents to use Gas Buddy Expedia Google Maps & more
Has Irma lost strength yet ?
KarloMdz CBSNews Parts of South Florida under hurricane watch as Irma approaches
#NEWS Local Travel Impacted by Hurricane Irma #
That's what I wanna know . Cause I ain't ready for Irma
For those who want to help with rebuilding donating to #Barbuda after #Irma >
Limbaugh lives in Palm Beach so he might be directly in Irma's path already .
Packing everything up and moving all my cam equipment to the highest point in the house.Irma is almost here and the
Me waiting to see if irma ganna change its course or weaken
Cabot family ends #vacation early to escape Hurricane Irma #usa #travel
In order to safely shut down the power plants it has to happen before the storm . Might be by Fri . Night .
70 killed by Harvey . 13 by Irma . Death tolls rising . But I guess it's God just HUMBLING them to dea
Climate change earthquakes now ? Not sure that's how plate tectonics work . And eclipses ?
Hurricane Irma is the Carribean Queen
Hurricane Irma is so strong it's registering on devices designed to detect earthquakes via
If Amazon still manages to deliver my package tomorrow despite irma and all this evacuation traffic I will stan forever .
What we know about Hurricane Irma Facts figures forecast
Anyone else keep checking hurricane updates ? I feel like that's all I do with my time now #Irma
With all respect I don't think Irma will wait .
Wholy crap ... this is no joke
What say we drop Swanson into eye of Irma and see if that assuages his gawd .
Harvey earthquakes irma wild fires trump wtf is going on rn man ...
idk why i thought it was from Hurricane Irma pic lmaoooo
How To Help Victims Of Hurricane Irma 5 Charities Working To Support Those Hit By Deadly Storm
All of them coming from 1 sector .. oil and gas ...
in Fla The atlanta motor speedway is open if you're in a camper .
The latest The Matrimonio Perfetto Daily ! Thanks to #cronaca #hurricaneirma
Oh my goodness .
Looking for E mail list E mail collector and e mail marketer ? contact
#hurricaneirma seriously though . My anxiety is off the charts and i can't sleep . I should be
Oh ... properties in danger ... go to them ...
Cleaned my room just so Irma can run through it
The latest The Noisy Street News ! Thanks to R #irma #ad
No walking the dog that's for sure . Prayers being sent .
A harsh reality that comes with the need to always chase the next thrill .
Images from Category 5 Hurricane Irma
Many lives have been lost and we give a shit about his house ?
When the Caribbean islands were hit by Hurricane Irma solar modules were going to be damaged !
Carnage as Irma hits British Caribbean islands ...
If it weren't for the hurricane prep and being called to the hospital I'd be going for that premium SC . Damn you Irma
#Hurricane #scientists have #never #seen an image like this before #SmartNews
#tci #turksandcaicos Hope all safe #grandturk
TechCrunch As Irma nears Florida Governor tells residents to use Gas Buddy Expedia Google Maps & more
Hurricane Irma Mandatory evacuations ordered south of Lake Okeechobee #USA #UnitedStates
THE MECK REPORT #HurricaneIrma Cone Thurs Nite 11et
' No gas and it's gridlock ' as hundreds of thousands in Florida flee Irma's path #CBCNews
#TOPLIST #viral #ViralNews Photos what Hurricane Irmas destruction looks like on the ground
RT SkyNews " Hurricanes #Irma causes more destruction as #Jose is upgraded to a category three
There are so many people trying to get out . I wonder why we don't use military transport planes since there are so
Respect yourself king
After a hurricane few years back he claimedMar a lago had $ 17 million in damage . Butler says none . Son's wedding w
Hurricane Irma annihilates St . Martin's world famous airport New York Post #8ballpoolha
Irma making landfall on MY America ? I don't think so !
Devastating Irma #IrmaHurricane #IrmaHurricane2017 #FloridaStrong #IrmaHurricane #KusaTeaserTomorrow #KusaTeaser
Harvey Irma 8.0 earthquake in southern Mexico ... okay so we dead before 2018 ?
Listen I'm ready for #Irma I bought goat cheese smoked salmon and a shit ton of alcohol . Like if I'm gonna die I'm gonna die happy .
Before we fall asleep tonight lets keep all of those who have will be affected by #HurricaneIrma in our thoughts and prayers ...
Only Corrupt remember sofisticated etching year ago peculiar #Patriots #NFLKickoff2017 #Chiefs #hurricaneirma2017
Im sure he hs enough money 2 buy build a new 1 . Y dnt the media focus on ppl who hv become homeless and have lost e
Hurricane Irma Death toll rise to 10 ..
Prayers for all those in Irma's path for protection from our enemies foreign and domestic and for .
This is a #colorized #infrared image of #hurricane #irma . As of 10pm it now has sustained winds
so ? he's a bloody billionaire ..
Pretty girl tucked in . Kinda all about that classic beside her highness tho . #hurricaneirma2017
This is all well and good Im on the east coast of fl no insurance on home I could not afford on SSI D
Say hi to me before Hurricane Irma snatches me up
Somebody pls make a mime
Ight Irma . Clearly you tryna fuck my bday up Let's get it then bitch
Praying everyone is getting out of Irma's path . Also praying you're all not pathetic pieces of shit and take your sweet animals with you
How to protect your pets during Hurricane Irma
I swear if Irma touches Disney we scrappin ' my class trip about to be underwater
' Zello ' App Could It Help You Communicate in a Natural Disaster ? #Irma #scwx #scnews
I liked a video IRMA please be gentle to my garden
#HurricaneIrma 63.0 F 17.2 C Clear Solar radiation BTU ft2 Visibility 10.0 miles Precipitation 0.00 in 0 mm
Nations Are Rushing to Help the Islands Devastated by Hurricane Irma
Oh their believers r denying it as we speak.They ' re all over ppl's TLs offering 2help pupp
Here's how big Hurricane Irma is compared to New York
Here's where Hurricane Irma is going and how it may affect Jose
#Irma #IrmaHurricane2017 Not official more fake news they're hoping no one will bother to look up the historical r
I added a video to a playlist Satellite Animation Sees Category 5 Hurricane Irma and Tropical Storm
The Destruction Hurricane Irma Caused in the Caribbean The New York Times
BREAKING Hurricane Irma kills two in Puerto Rico
Arirang News Hurricane Irma kills at least nine in Caribbean islands warning in effect
Hurricane Irma Category 5 fears for Florida after Hurricane Andrew
Let's also not forget that Hurricane Irma is sharknadoing .
Homestead Miami Speedway braces for Hurricane Irma
Hurricanes #Irma causes more destruction as #Jose is upgraded to a category three Sky News SkyNews September
The thought of Hurricane Irma only hitting those properties made me smile .
My mother in law is named Irma so I know the devastation you are going to ex
It's ti
It looks like there's going to be a point in time where Irma is going to completely cover Florida . Stay safe !
Advice from Mick Foley to Mankind of Florida . God Speed #ThoughtsAndPrayers #PositiveThoughts
Sorry Haiti we have white people to worry about first .
Thank you and stay safe .
get away from there please
Im to that point where I'm about to buy that one way ticket outta here fuck this
If only the people of the Virgin Islands had guns . They could have shot Irma dead .
As travelers flee Irma police shoot man at Miami airport
A few good storm chasing follows for approaching Hurricane Irma
RT inews 2day " Police Officer involved shooting at Miami airport pre Irma
What the fuck ? ? ?
Let's hope Irma don't hit va while I'm on a plane going to chicago
STORM SURGE #Irma " It is likely that all of #peninsula Florida will experience some level hurricane force winds . "
Hello New youtubers gamers do you need a stunning INTRO And OUTRO for your youtube channel ? here is the solution
#DEATH #TOLL Death toll climbs as Irma menaces Fla . Boston Herald Boston Herald Death toll climbs as Irma
Don't forget about Katia !
I hope Irma gives him a concussion and Jose right behind with the Knock out .
The latest Murty's Digest ! #irma #hurricaneirma
My little cousin is so cute he just text me asking if I was okay bc of Irma
Ti thm video vo danh sch pht Breaking News Irma track Live footage as Hurricane Irma destroys
& they had to go screw up & name it ' Irma ' ... clearly it's ' Ivanka ' & as far as Hurrica
Clear difference of global warming ?
Think tf not trick ass bitch
Hurricane Irma Threatens Power Losses for Millions in Florida by REUTERS via NYT
But how bad would a direct hit from Hurricane Irma be ? The answer is really really bad . The storm could cause ...
#Houston could take years to fully recover from #HurricaneHarvey #ClimateChange #GlobalWarming #Irma #Capitalism
My family is from right around the corner
AirBnB offering free housing to Irma evacuees across Florida
As Hurricane Irma Approaches More Photos of Antigravity UFOs near MacDill AFB
Earlier today we were way out of the cone from Irma & now the Panhandle is back in it . Dabanabit ! #hurricaneirma2017 #StaySafe #yikes
Sending fervent prayers for safety of the people & pets !
Everyone in the Pacific Northwest stay safe . The smoke from all of the fires is unreal . Anyone in Irma's path stay safe as well
Very poor how little the UK Government is doing to help ex & current overseas territories . We should've sent troo
All proceeds would go to Hurricane Harvey & Irma & Jose charities . Should've mentioned that
SUNDAY IS MY BIRTHDAY AND HURRICANE IRMA ABOUT TO KILL ME SO ONE OF YALL BETTER PUT ME IN YOUR VIDEO x2
#Wildfire #Earthquake #HurricaneIrma #PoliticalConspiracies #Signs of #Qiyamah #Dayofthejudgement turn to #Allah before your turn to dust .
Such beauty amongst such anguish in our world today . Thank you #Irma
TO MY FRIENDS IN THE KEYS ESPECIALLY THE CONCH REPUBLIC NATIVES PRAYERS WITH THOSE HUNKERING DOWN ! #FloridaKeys #hurricaneirma2017 #hnkrdwn
Who you got this weekend ? Florida vs Irma
Hurricane Irma causes hotel gridlock in Atlanta via
And so the evacuation begins . Hurricane Irma is closing in . And me and my sisters are dipping out . I'll keep you guys posted
I heard u didnt sing " Again " 2nite . Im in South Fl about to get thrashed by Irma . Th
Photo of #Caribbean hit by #Irma & heads toward #Miami . #HurricaneIrma turns beaches into danger zones . #HuricaneIrma2017 #Irma2017 #USA #FL
Florida National Guard Irma via
Hi.Good day.Are you looking a designer ? So why you late JUST CLICK ...
What's next ? Cascadia Subduction ?
' Irma ' appeared on Thursday 7 at the 1st place in the Top 20 of Stockholm's Trends #trndnl
My new BFF is the Moscow Mule . #ImpeachTrump #hurricaneharvey #hurricaneirma #mexicoearthquake
Live Tracking Orlando Hurricane IRMA Set to SLAM FLORIDA Hurricane I ... via
How many hurricanes are there ? I only just found out about Irma .
The Mayors of cities who don't even have a plan in place for hurricanes when they are in a hurricane zone . #HurricaneIrma Please vote out
This is a real man
i feel that way after coming back to #mexico to ride out #irma ... hijole
What is going on with the world . Irma and now an earthquake 8.0 in Mexico ?
The latest The New Pulse Management Daily ! Thanks to #irma #ufc215
The latest update on #Irma is not good for #Florida .
Massive 8.0 magnitude EARTHQUAKE rocks Mexico as Hurricane IRMA pummels nearby #Cosmicgeopolitics as Darpa Haarp
Thank you Love ! ! I hope and pray for everyone's safety too ! And for quick recovery for everyone affecte
I am praying with you Mammabear !
Serious storm #HurricaneIrma #Irma
Yes Jesus give the people strength faith of your protection . Amen Trad American GI
New Images Show the Destruction Hurricane Irma Has Caused in the Caribbean #irmageddon #WorldNewsTonight #news
Irma to Florida right now
Harvey Irma and now this ? ! The world really is ending
Oh my god Irma is actually huge
The #Caribbean and #Mexico are really being tested #Irma #Jose #Katia and a Magnitude 8 #Earthquake . Stay safe e
Who gives a single fuck ..
raww 2 93 Jk meant to say 50 yards away longer than bradys
sB I don't understand how people take it like it's not srs the comparison of Irma and Andrew from the 90s is RIDICULOUS
#HurricaneIrma I think irma is going through a eyewall replacement cycle think it will regain power soon #IrmaHurricane #hurricaneirma2017
Earthquakes Wild Fires Hurricanes Oh My ! #Irma #LosAngeles #Mexico #HurricaneKatia
I just can't get enough of #HurricaneIrma right now . I don't need this unnecessary stress in my life .
Thank goodness !
Gas prices are rising cause of the hurricane . Be prepared bobaine prices are gonna go up . Irma is fucking Columbia up
The differences between a CAT 1 CAT 2 CAT 3 CAT 4 & CAT 5 hurricane . If you are in the path of #HurricaneIrma heed
#MONEY #IRMA FoxBusiness World Cup 41 North American cities want to host soccer matches FOX Business FoxBusi
The moon watching Irma the Mexico quake ...
Quartier de Sandy Grounds #SaintMartin #Irma
Richard Branson emerges from wine cellar after Irma ' devastated ' his island via
New Track Has Irma Directly Hitting South Fla .
See how Miami's growth since 1992 led to thousands of new homes sitting in #Irma's path
Harvey Irma Jose Katia and now an 8.0 earthquake ... mother earth is starting to hit back ... time for people to open their eyes ...
Come thru in the middle of Irma so I know is real
My mother are so similar that we both are awake at the same time and anxious over our decisions for #HurricaneIrma .
Wow . Florida drops off into ocean before California ? #Irma Stay safe friends .
24 7 LIVE ! MUST WATCH SHOCK Watch Hurricane Irma's path
I have a feeling these stores will be the first to be looted . #Irma
Earthquake hit Mexico Tsunami alerts and aftershocks . Hurricane Irma hasn't even hit yet and possibly more to follow .
Hurricane Harvey Irma Jose & Katia . DACA being repealed . Yellowstone National Park Volcano in danger of corruptin
He also claims #HurricaneIrma is a hoax so ...
All Florida Public Schools Colleges Universities Shut Down as Irma Barrels Toward U . S . Coast
I still can't comprehend why Irma decided to come along the first week of Football season . Like seriously ?
DUH ... I would certainly hope so ... is this the best you could come up with ?
Wow this is a drastically different path than earlier today ... it's looking really bad for Florida now man I hope e
Please take good care of yourself and of your loved ones follow the instructions of the Authorities of your countr
How to say Fuck You in Earthian #Irma #Harvey #Earthquake
as a man who also is for Miami sports themes can we get a good Irma joke to laugh it off or too soon ?
Morning top 5 Homeless plan revealed ; Government preparing for abortion vote ; Hurricane Irma continues
8.oh wtf #earthquake #irma #fires #russia thanks trump
Hurricane Irma kills 9 in Caribbean islands as Florida awaits storm
YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED ... via #HurricaneIrma #powerhouse #Florida
CNN See how Miami's growth since 1992 led to thousands of new homes sitting in #Irma's path
Maxwell AFB federal agencies prepare for Hurricane Irma WSFA
As Irma Aims for Florida Residents Prepare for the Worst #MedicalIndustry
Southern Florida braces for Hurricane Irma
Dear climate change would like you to wake up and get a clue please .
RT MarketWatch " Hurricane Irma is the strongest ever Atlantic Storm and is on a path to hit the U . S . this weekend
That's what I thought ... but then I live in Florida ... directly in #Irma's path .
now with added earthquake
Irma refuses to be trapped into gender binarism . Decides to be a guy now and may switch back to a girl later . Its c
Why do the land look different clear deep state globe earth fakery
SKYNEWS reports #Irma and #Jose The paths of both Hurricanes . SkyNewsNaz and skystephen go through the detail
Hurricane Irma leaves trail of death on Caribbean islands
worried sick for friends on the space coast heart breaking for friends with family loved ones caught in Irma's path
Florida Fema Camps Prepared Irma in line to hit Miami directly . Overly ... via
It is written .. #staywoke #HurricaneIrma
RT people " Devastating Photos Show Destruction Caused by Hurricane Irma as Florida Braces for Impact
hey what happens when you constantly pollute the earth & slowly destroy it ? #IrmaHurricane #irma #earthquake
Make it back off his bit of the NHS soon enough
New post Heres the Status of the Airports in the Path of Hurricane Irma
When you were actually hoping for this . Litty
As if we weren't worried enough about the planet with #Harvey #Irma #Jose we now have an 8.0 earthquake off the coast of #Mexico
The Climate Doesn't Give A Fuck
#florida and #texas gonna show Ya how to take a hurricane Like champs.Don ' t knowFate but if surviveWe alwayshelpourneighbors #HurricaneIrma
The picture says it all ... Harvey and Irma Married 75 Years Marvel at the Storms Bearing Their Names
Fuck him and his house
Pretty sure Irma or Joshua have other plans ..
#HurricaneIrma Has Two Eyes ! ! !
This is what I've been saying ... let's just hope she dies tho
I agree . Irma should go to hell in a hand basket .
This Hurricane Irma even frightens me an I went threw Charley almost head on evacuating any low lying area an going center state you'll live
Hurricane Irma Solar flares could wreak HAVOC on satellites as storm barrels towards US
I am sitting here in Florida on the Gulf side .. Irma ... earthquakes ... Trump and Dems holding hands ... is the Apocalypse upon us ?
I could be swayed from agnosticism if this Irma thing follows that path
#Hurricane #Irma Lashing Dominican Republic and Haiti With Rain Winds
Road trip entertainment running from #Irma
Wayne Lowe Millibar chairman of the Hurricane Rights Association added " The only way to stop a bad hurricane is
It is 1 35 AM and the rain has arrived . #hurricaneirma2017 please everyone . I am declaring Psalm 107 28 30 right now #PrayForFlorida
#MONEY #IRMA business " Widespread tsunami waves are possible " after quake off Mexico
Please RT Shelter for #HORSES #HurricaneIrma #Florida #AnimalLovers #HorseLovers
Pray for hurricane Irma's victim Pray for Mexico tsunami might hit .
Tweet of the year candidate
This is not fine .
Shout out to all in Irma ' path ! Be safe and smart this storm is the size of Texas ! !
#BVI #Tortola #NannyCay #HurricaneIrma #HurricaneJose FYI folks
#BREAKING Strong 8.0 M #earthquake hits Mexico #cdnpoli #cdnmedia #HurricaneIrma
Harvey Irma Jose 8.1 Earthquake Tsunami warnings Fires everywhere ... Crazy
#famous Hurricane Irma annihilates St . Martin's world famous airport New York Post New
To everyone in Florida GET OUT WHILE YOU STILL CAN ! ! !
Price controls don't work . The more free the market the more supply issues are resolved and prices fall . Appealing
Puerto Rico breathes sigh of relief as spared Irma's worst
5b needed in British Territories the Turks & Caicos and the British Virgin Islands . Slash UK dole & nurses salaries to fund it . #irma
For everyone who wants to blame these hurricanes on climate change I suggest you look at history .
The Eye of Hurricane Irma Swerves Past Puerto Rico but Leaves 1 Million Without Power via
Omg omg I'm so happy for Josh ! ! ! I was so worried about his family with Irma coming . I'm ecstatic he ge
#ClimateChange #Irma #WhatHappened Opposes #Fracking On Eve Of Caucuses Clinton Rakes In Frack
RPers anyone in Florida please be careful . My thoughts love and prayers are with you all . And continued prayers for victims of Irma .
Fuck that hoe irma
The path has shifted so much from SC NC hoping it stays this way and loses power for those still in it's path
#HurricaneIrma people of Florida my heart is with you stay Safe
Track Hurricane Irma as it moves through the Caribbean and heads toward southern Florida .
Come home to find " Great Expectations " filmed in my Floridian home town on tv . As if to say get a good look while you can . #HurricaneIrma
Please pray for us in south Florida as we brace for #hurricaneirma .
Aww so sweet ! #hurricaneirma2017
United States Virgin Islands Hurricane Irma Estimated Wind Impacts US Virgin Islands Actual Hurricane Track
Video 2 residents from St . Martin describe Hurricane Irmas destruction . " We have nothing left . " via nytimes
Hurricane Irma ... don't you DARE touch Disney World ... My heart and soul is in central Florida . Lol
How many statistical anomalies do we need to realize that #GeoEngineering is going on ? #Harvey & #Irma
We Have Nothing Left Islanders Survey Irmas Destruction
Reports Wrath of Irma reaches Turks and Caicos ; Cuba and the Bahamas brace for impacts via the App
If I have power and internet I will be there . Hoping #irma stays away from me
Upgraded to 8.2 magnitude . Oh man ! Add Pacific Tsunami warning . Add Hurricane Irma Jose Katia .
If they were half a world apart I wouldn't have thought it . But see where #Irma is . #Katia's hitting M
Hurricane Irma Where is the Category 5 storm now and where is it headed next ?
You are getting aliens instead . Non Resident Aliens . Call Bruce Willis for rescue !
#IRMA FPL Just cut our power for a second for no reason . The storm is a day away . WTF ?
if any of you are dealing with this earthquake irma etc and you're anxious or scared right now feel free to dm me your number i'm here
#HurricaneIrma is everywhere .. In my coffee too Hope the damage will be minimal for all people #IrmaHurricane
proud of yourself for that one scumbag ? Doesn't come close to the scam you're currently running
Harvey then Irma and soon Jose . Then there was an earthquake near Mexico . Wildfires out west . The planet is having a real fit right now .
Hurricane Irma Pics .
Keep everyone in the path of hurricane Irma in your prayers
#IrmaHurricane2017 #NuclearPower Please get the word out and spread the news . This is some scary stuff .
i have an exam to do this weekend but i dont feel like doing it and my professor said it could be done later b c of irma
Mexico 8.1 earthquake
Please RT #HurricaneIrma #SouthFlorida #StormSurge
Gonna hit a sui irl so Irma can't fuck with a nigga
THE NEW YORK TIMES Video 2 residents from St . Martin describe Hurricane Irmas destruction . " We have nothing lef
Going to see it 2 tomorrow if I don't die first Irma I love in Florida on a scale of 1 10 how scary is it ? I'm not scared of clowns
So sad and think that one day i was in that paradise #irma #StMarteen
Prayer is needed for Florida and the other affected areas from hurricane Irma
Every time this updates .. it says a country & the fact that it says Florida now ... it's real
Praying for people in the path of Hurricane #Irma and the Mexico #earthquake . Hope you keep safe .
Us 2018 finna be a breeze ! Mother Nature
This is not good ...
The One Number That Shows Why Climate Change Is Making Hurricane Season Worse
NASA footage shows a potentially catastrophic Hurricane Irma #tech
nytimes Video 2 residents from St . Martin describe Hurricane Irmas destruction . " We have nothing left . "
Latest Data On Hurricane Irma . Go To For More Info
Nine Rapper Homes That Are In The Path Of Hurricane Irma
#hit Dulce Cara A Cara > < #NationalBeerLoversDay #drp17 #SiTuvieraTresDeseos #Irma
Beware of #HurricaneIrma
1 2 Charley hit more from the gulf then Irma is projected and produced 10 13ft of surge here in Naples Fl . Im . 5miles from
Seriously hurricane Irma needs to fuck off . My holiday is gunna get cancelled at this rate
Solid leadership .
So pilots decide to.om on strike when my little girl is trapped in Cuba waiting to get battered by Irma
Island of Barbuda heavily affected by Hurricane Irma via
Y'all need to stop
There's also a slight risk for tornadoes as Irma makes landfall the NWS said .
Irma is bigger and there are real comparison photos online . This isn't one of them .
this is terrifying
A message to kids about #HurricaneIrma
Puerto Rico's money woes ' dire ' after Hurricane Irma as Jose lurks ABC News
#MONEY #IRMA WSJ If central banks cant explain why inflation is so low then why is there so much faith in their forecasts ?
Matthew 24 6 14 #HurricaneIrma #HurricaneJose #HurricaneKaite #earthquakes #wildfires
To all affected by Irma
Holy Crap HURRICANE IRMA Makes Landfall in Turks & Caicos Islands via
Hurricane Irma A Practically Impossible Storm via
Monstrous Hurricane Irma creates havoc in Caribbean islands now heads towards Florida . US may call BMC for help #fakenews #BharosaNaiKa
Again she is " abnormal " an anomaly .
New post Monstrous Hurricane Irma kills 14 in Caribbean heads for Florida has been published on Online ...
Can we please get some gas in Florida so we can get out of the way of #Irma ?
Courage #StLeon #StBarth #Irma #Jos #Katia
Previously on The Second Coming of Jesus Christ .. #Mexico #HurricaneIrma #earthquake
Result of H . A . A . R . P weaponized weather used to create expand direct Hurricanes
So thankful to be in El Paso away from hurricanes and earthquakes ! My prayers go out to everyone #hurricaneirma #Mexico
AFB pls share with vets and families
Fuck right off IRMA did the fucking Russians send you bitch
' It isn't safe ' . Wales midfielder Jess Fishlock says she is concerned for her safety because of Hurricane Irma .
Talk of stating the obvious !
Delta Flight Ducks Through Irma for Quick Stop in PR
Umm .. I'm about to get tf on
Just heard about Mexico earthquake . My prayers for those there and first responders . Continuing prayers for those in #Irma's path . Too much .
Massive Hurricane Irma Approaches Turks and Caicos Islands The eye of Category 5 Hurricane
nigga this not even from irma if you don't get
Irma 2017 09 08 03 00 UTC click earth for menu in Co
you want to revise your stance on Global warming ? #harvey #irma never 2 late to get back in Paris agreement #rachelmaddow
Walkie talkie app becomes top download thanks to Hurricane Irma via
Praying for all affected by hurricane Irma Jose & Katia floods fires & the earthquake #HurricaneIrma #earthquake #floods #fire #StaySafe
I Live on the #water in #FLA I am #praying I do not lose my #Home It's all I can do #Hurricane #Irma
#irma sending planes overhead every 30 seconds as people leave miami cc 80thebiz ...
Seriously though look how big Irma has gotten
SUPERSTORM HURRICANE IRMA Florida Prepares For Worst . GET OUT NOW !
Thousands Sign Petition to Change Hurricane Irma's Name to Ivanka
Bad news #HurricaneIrma could do major damage to Miami . Good news At least Dolphins fans don't have to watch Jay Cutler play .
Hurricane Irma Evening Update ... via With surviving info .
Send me stuff to prove my mailbox or front door is still standing after Irma ... Return to sender It's not .
are they cheering or yelling ..
No the fuck she's not
Very informative ! !
needs to give #HurricaneIrma the People's EyeBrow n make her do n about face n head back out to the ocean
The latest The Giolli Times ! #hurricaneirma #brexit
Irma pummels Turks and Caicos with 175mph winds via
I'm making my way to New York if that shit hitting GA then NC definitely feeling it
So ashamed to be British ... as if Brexit & anti immigration rhetoric wasn't bad enough the inadequate response in BVI post Irma is shameful
Where is Hurricane Irma heading ? Mapping the path of destruction
Irma bitch I hope the fuck u do
I can't sleep because of it
37 million people can be affected Hurricane Irma Deadly storm bears down on Bahamas as storm warnings issued for Fl
Huracn Irma en vivo Florida Cuba Jamaica Live Tracking 24 Hour Streaming
Toddler dies after being ripped from mother's arms during hurricane Irma
by sunday when irma is in fl or i ; m jumping
Irma Irma
People are dead . Many more will likely die . Your pettiness is disgraceful . Delete your account .
#WorldNews US airlines scramble to evacuate residents ahead of Hurricane Irma The India
Trump Waffles on DACA Responds to Hurricane Irma A Closer Look via r SandersForPresident
My GOD we ALL need to be this man . Please retweet
Alexa how many people died from Hurricane Irma ? " Not enough people "
#Irma Lettuce all hope that certain ex traitor is still wind surfing ova there !
Whoa . Mr . Jose Antonio Beato almost got wiped out !
Wind speed has dropped to 160mph still Cat 5 #HurricaneIrma
Props to all the news anchors working back to back Non Stop providing us with updates tracking #IrmaHurricane2017 #Irma #Florida #FLPrepares
Wtf bruh god tryna tell us something
Wtf is this .. ?
Global warming is real people
Hurricane Irma is going to be a real stress test for T Mobile . #digital #tmobile
Aerial footage shows devastation in Sint Maarten after Hurricane Irma
The differences between a CAT 1 CAT 2 CAT 3 CAT 4 & CAT 5 hurricane .
First Images from #HURRICANEIRMA in ST Martin via #HurricaneIrma2017 Lots of destruction a nightmare
irma is nr . 3 trending hashtag in USA in last 4 hours . #irma
News Daily Hurricane Irma and young offenders #news #bbc
Well that's scary af
US airlines scramble to evacuate residents ahead of Hurricane Irma
I'm waiting for Irma to cancel this hurricane how my professors cancel class
Hurricane Irma & #039 ; s struck as predicted Oh God recover and restore the innocents In Jesus Name ? Help type AM ...
Hurricane Irma Trump Star Wars LG G6 The Nation 2017 9 8 12 52 07 #trndnl
Retweeted Miami Herald Irma may bring several feet of water ashore forecasters say but not ...
Similarities between hurricane Irma and my step mom they both ruin lives
Nueva Cabina Amplificada SPS con bluetooth 35 mts USB 800 Watts reales . > #bogota #amazon
As pictured below Irma is to hit Miami by Sunday afternoon and Jose is making its way getting stronger by the se
Irma winds down to 160 and pressure up to 925mb . Soon to be mood at this rate
St . Martin's famous airport badly damaged by Hurricane Irma ABC News
i think the post was only directed at trump . stop being fake mad for rts .
Florida Governor Rick Scott Irma Is An Unbelievable Hurricane TODAY
Hurricane Harvey in Texas Hurricane Irma in Puerto Rico Earthquake in Mexico Threat of a Tsunami in Hawaii This world is coming to an end .
Lockedin Magazine is Tracking Hurricane Irma Stay #active Rp Productions & Ser
Praying for those in the path of Hurricane Irma tonight . This single storm could cost 100 B in damage .
Dracodiego that's a scary sight
Pray for those people who are currently being hit head on by Hurricane Irma and keep those people in mind who are directly in its route .
This is everything on my timeline right now summarized in one tweet
HURACN IRMA EVACUACIN DE MIAMI NOS QUEDAMOS O NOS VAMOS DE MIAMI ? via
I feel for those unemployed in America in the range of these disasters . How do they get out ? #HurricaneIrma
2AM update on #HurricaneIrma #Irma moving at 160 MPH
I am so grateful for Florida and the friends and life I have made here . Irma please go easy on us .
After Effects Templates Paper is out ! Stories via #wordpress #irma
Nations rush to help islands devastated by Hurricane Irma Bangkok Post
Beaufort County says it's prepared for Irma's impact #SHELTERINPLACE #ALERT " It gives you and itemized checklist o
Hello from a hotel in Crystal River FL ! Stopping for the night . Thankfully . #hurricaneirma
Its official Jim Cantore is coming to Miami for Irma
And for context from 5 Things to Know About Hurricane Irma The Wall Street Journal #Irma
#HurricaneIrma FAQ Find #shelters ? Call 1 800 REDCROSS 1 800 733 2767 Emergency Ap
Irma and Florida Confidence in the hurricanes forecast track is growing by
New images show the destruction Hurricane Irma has caused in the Caribbean News
Florida counties begin evacuating as Hurricane Irma batters Caribbean islands
#HurricaneIrma meet #MaraLago ; #MaraLago meet #HurricaneIrma #ClimateChangeIsReal
Only 3 Category 5 hurricanes have made US landfall Andrew 1992 Camille 1969 ' Labor Day ' Hurricane 1935 #Irma
#NaturalDisastersNews Cuba prepares for destructive power of Hurricane Irma
I mean seriously . If you don't have a bugout bag extra batteries and an escape plan already what are you waiting
Hurricane Irma has killed at least 14 people in the Caribbean #r4today
Irma has dropped 25mph since yesterday good to see but likely could roar back up in warm waters off Florida .
24 7 LIVE ! MUST WATCH SHOCK Watch Hurricane Irma's path YouTube 24 7 LIVE ! MUST WATCH SHOCK ...
From a friend . " For those in the path of Hurricane Irma VERY IMPORTANT COMMUNICATION NEWS IF THE CELL TOWERS ARE ...
Winds decrease slightly as Hurricane Irma's eye passes north of Great Inagua Island
#UGA #Dawgs Weekly Georgia High School Football Report Keeping our eye on Hurricane Irma i
Whoa . Hope everyone is okay . I was wondering if Irma would reach you all but this was certainly unexpected . Be safe .
Hurricane Irma Orlando theme park information
Praying for Mexico praying for everyone effected by Harvey praying for everyone effected by Irma . This is heartbreaking .
Christ on a cracker
#2am #latenightthoughts #hurricaneirma #TropicalUpdate still #Cat5 #Slightyweakening #StayWoke
Considering how devastating Hurricane Andrew was this is insane
The latest The Dragan Varagic Curation Daily ! Thanks to #irma #hurricaneirma
Texas Flooding Hurricane #Irma Earthquake Mexico Yellowstone Volcano THANKS OBAMA
Good morning 2all in the world . I so feel sorry 4the Caribbean people.Feel so sorry for the devastation cause by Irma Hurricane
are we allowed to reschedule due to Irma if we have an SC or NC bound flight ? Don't want to get stranded
The latest The Jasmin's Timeline Daily ! #irma
OMG I WAS JUST THEREEEEEEEEEEE LIKE 2 months ago wtff thank god omg my prayers is to everyone over there
Scenes of destruction from Irma began to trickle in by RO Water Filter
I liked a video HURACN IRMA DEJA BARBUDA INHABITABLE MEDIO MILLON SIN ...
i think irma means " goddess of war ' too i hope anyways .
Irma was in it smh what you talking bout
I seen Irma and Katrina at work today
I think hurricane Irma fucked up favstar cuz there ain't shit coming thru .
8.0 earthquake cat 5 hurricane irma cat 3 hurricane harvey with record flooding pnw ablaze weird deep space radio signals . what else ?
At the seventh trumpet the time will have come for the Lord God Almighty " to destroy those who destroy the earth "
If the eye has Titusville engulfed along its path is that better or worse for us ? Praying that little lull of winds
Hurricane Irma Live updates Hurricane Irma Live in real time via
Hurricane Irma is one of the reasons why I wanted to study meteorology ... absolutely fascinating !
#HurricaneIRMA now sustained winds 150mph . Likely to be Cat 4 hurricane on landfall in #Florida Saturday night . Dar
Theres no such thing called Climate change . I get that its really complex to understand but you cant deny it
This earthquake is minor compared to Irma . Irma will make this her bitch ... I'd love to say not but it just is
honestly wish my parents would evacuate . if they wait till it changes course it might be too late . my granny's not
What we know about Hurricane Irma
What language are we speaking ?
National Weather Service Doesn't Even Have a Name for the Records That Irma Is Breaking
Top story Info & News Florida air travel starts to shut down ahead of Irma S see more
Alright . I am tired of your BS . Me looking at you gets on my last nerves . Freaking Irma ...
All I'm saying is ... this didn't happen when Obama was president
By the time that IRmA had swept through there was nothing left the end #Irma2017 #FridayFeeling
Live Hurricane Irma pummels Caribbean islands heading for Florida
British territory ' pummelled ' as Hurricane Irma continues trail of destruction
#BREAKING US warships begin Hurricane Irma relief operations
it's crazy to me that hurricane Irma is something I'm going to go through not something I'm gonna learn about in the news . I'm terrified .
Know about that ?
Really ?
Hurricane Irma kills four in US Virgin Islands Officials
Retweeted Bill Clinton Hurricane Harvey shattered homes and lives . Irma is just as dangerous ...
Hurricane Irma LIVE Latest travel updates and evacuation news for British tourists
If keeping score simultaneous 8.1 #earthquake in #Mexico with likely #tsunami #Irma #Harvey flood #Jose #Katia #EagleCreekFire
Harvey Irma earthquake tsunami forest fires flooding bomb tests Nazis ... everyone enjoying their Apocalypse so far ?
Big thanks to Ryan Masteller for this ' postapocalyptic ' review which gives food for thought in the age of #Kim
Brock decided to cancel their passenger trains out of FL days before #Irma arrives .
Devastation in the Caribbean as Hurricane Irma Heads Toward Miami via
Would your EX have stuck life out w you like this ? #HurricaneIrma #HurricaneHarvey
Stephen Colbert Monologue September 8 2017 #Trump & Stephen discuss track Hurricane Irma
Trump's ' Winter Whitehouse ' the Mar a Lago resort evacuated in face of Hurricane Irma well that will guarantee some Federal funding
Hurricane Irma Has Hit Land And The Footage Is Frightening
Hurricanes Wildfires Earthquakes Floods all taking place around the world but it's not #climatechange right trump ? Asshole ! #HurricaneIrma
Sun Belt's ULM game against Florida State canceled . Ark State vs Miami and UCF vs Memphis has also been canceled in
2 AM Tropical Update Cat 5 #Irma with winds 160 mph . Moving WNW at 16 mph towards across central #Florida #Boston25
95 N in SC near Savannah is is steady with Hurricane IRMA traffic . I16 East we're about to find out
Hurricane Irma pummels Turks and Caicos islands BBC News
DACA Hurricane Irma and Young Americans Dreams Deferred
Hope you are safe and well as well as everyone with you . My prayers to everyone in Mexico and the targets of Irma
We r ready 2 respo 2 #HurricaneIrma . If we act now we can help reduce t devastation.Donate
Three hurricanes . Three . In less than a month . We're done here .
king of realizing things
Please follow his weather update . He is an expert on weather predicti
So fuck marry kill ? Irma Harvey or earthquake ? #IrmaHurricane #HarveyRelief #earthquakes
Hurricane Harvey Irma and Jose . Now a potential tsunami in Mexico ? Dear lord the earth has gone mad .
Not a pretty picture for South Florida according to HWRF showing an intense #Irma . This is for early Sunday morning
WATCH Hurricane Irma At least 9 people have been confirmed killed BBC News #Videos vi
#news at #lovescroll Man killed in Hurricane Irma while trying to save Property via heraldng
This is what the US has going on at the moment in addition cleaning up #Harvey and preparing for #Irma #WeGotThis
Hurricane Irma warning issued for Florida as storm pummels Bahamas and Haiti latest
#HurricaneIrma's deadly passage batters #Caribbean at least 12 dead
Irma's deadly passage batters Caribbean at least 10 dead Breitbart
Monster Hurricane Irma Barrels Toward Climate Change Deniers Playground via
WHATEVER YOU LEAVE PLUGGED IN MAKE SURE TO MOVE THEM TO EXTENSION CORDS WITH SURGE PROTECTORS TO SAVE YOUR APPLIANCES STAY SAFE #Irma
If I want to cancel my flight cause of the hurricane Irma can you give me money back ?
#RT Building lost a whole lot of windows trailers flipped Hurricane Irma hits British ...
Official Hurricane News Soundtrack " Category Is ... " by . Irma is definitely " Butch Queen Nutcracker "
Some people just make you wonder . #Florida #Irma
#HurricaneIrma to make #Landfall into #Miami sometime #SundayMorning life threatening #Emergency Attention to Detai
Bitch Irma need to snatch your ass up by your muffin top . Hope she take your mar a lago chill spot with her so u ca
The latest The Tomorrow Makers Daily ! Thanks to #hurricaneirma #irma
First hurricane warnings issued for South Florida as Irma approaches
hurricane irma not stopping for anyone . who names hurricanes ? thoughts and prayers to all affected
NO ESCAPE FUEL RUNS OUT AS RESIDENTS TRY TO FLEE IRMA ... #drudge report
And yes Hurricane Andrew was a Category 5 . You can fact check me .
This over 60 million people affected ! ! ! God bless and prayers for everyone affected by 2017 Hurricane Irma !
WATCH Hurricane Irma Roofs blown off houses under water in Sint Maarten BBC News
Heres why Irma is a monster hurricane in one GIF . via
Irma death toll reaches 13 as hurricane hits Puerto Rico
Sir Richard Branson says Necker Island ' completely and utterly devastated ' by Hurricane Irma via
The Bahamas Braces For Hurricane Irma Al Jazeera English pls RT #hurricaneirma #americasnews
There is beauty in simplicity . #Irma #inspiration #motivation #success #trump
So Irma barks at herself in the mirror and it has got to be the cutest thing ive ever heard
#Tsunami Warning for Mexico following 4 minute massive 8.4 #Earthquake #Harvey #Irma #Jose #Katia
Now Irma is coming with tornadoes wtf just like Andrew
Unable to accept that some bitch named #irma was breaking the Internet climbs a tree nakid
Traffic jam nightmares as Irma nears Florida
And also pray for all those that have been hit by hurricane Irma
We flew out of #Cuba and over the Gulf two days before #HurricaneHarvey hit . Now #Irma . Praying they see this sunse
Paradise lost Hurricane Irma devastates luxury is ...
BREAKING #HurricaneIrma Forcing Mandatory Evacuations In Florida South Carolina & Parts Of Georgia
House pushes back vote on spending package ahead of Hurricane Irma
After this and Irma I can't believe there are people who do not believe in climate change .
awesome !
can i give my bamco id to someone in case irma bsuts my connection so you can rank for yayoi for me please im begging you
Hurricane Irma Prompts Airlines to Cap Costs
Hurricane Irma How to use the internet during the storm when your internet is down #internet #irma #HurricaneTips
Irma World famous St Martin airport where planes fly over beach goers ' heads decimated by hurricane
Lol worst hurricane in history only killa 4 ? Thats lite i was expecting thousands
#IRMA The eye has now moved NW of Grand Inagua and is in an Island free channel to Miami if it holds its course . Th
Say what now ?
Before shit hits the fan please I'm only awaiting the biggest hurricane of all time here #HurricaneIrma
Sending my thoughts and prayers to everyone effected by Harvey & Irma . We will recover .
Seek shelter and stay safe
Praying for Puerto Rico all of the Caribbean and Florida
#Irma sounds German to me don't like her at all . but it's better than being called #Merkel .
Millions Of Dollars Of Wine Rescued From Irma Path
That's good for Charleston but I pray for the others who are in the path of Irma
Hurricane Irma heads toward Florida
It's official I can't sleep tonight.Not only is a trifecta of storms hitting north amrca but now earthquake & tsunami
Since #harvey hit and I was exposed to the true evil of the left and am under threat of #Irma seeing more I have decided libs are not human
Does anyone ever think the Mayans ' math was oh I dunno say 5 years off #Hurricane #EarthquakeMexico #Irma
With these dimensions there's eyewall for basically everyone on the Peninsula .
Fundamental difference between SLR and storm surge is the time scale decades vs hours so it's not a simple case
Pls whats happening in the world ? Hurricane's Harvey irma and now Jose ? Earthquake in Mexico ? Flooding here in Benue ? At the same time ?
you know
first Harvey then Irma then a 8.0 earthquake hits Mexico and we still might catch a nuke from Korea geez and they say 2016 was bad
more than stupid much more they're sick ailing from hate churning throughout their miserable bodies
#HurricaneIrma warning issued for Florida as storm pummels Bahamas and Haiti Latest 8MAG EARTHQUAKE HITS MEXICO
Am I the only one in thinking that since the Solar Eclipse the weather has just been doing that bit extra ? #Irma #Jose #Katia
this is awesome
Irma has disappeared from my feed for the time being .
Nearly speechless
If anything happen to my car during irma I'm beating someone granny ass
giftt 07 are you there right now ?
The latest The hojine Daily ! Thanks to #hurricaneirma
Delta Flight Races Hurricane Irma From New York to San Juan and Back via #hurricaneirma2017 #getout
Great site for checking where Irma is . Click on wind speed and other things for good info .
Hurricane Irma Traffic nightmare as 500K people told to leave Florida #Iran
I liked a video HURRICANE IRMA IS APPROACHING ! CATEGORY 5 ! GETTING SCARED
I'm in Miami y aqu la cosa est fea . Everybody is so well prepared that is scary ! This H
sounds great !
#HurricaneIrma #HurricaneIrma #HurricaneJose2017 We all have the blame #China #prayingfortheworld
This forecast looks like a possible landfall direct hit at the Turkey Point Nuclear Generating Station . I hope thei
The latest The Raj Daily ! #irma #leadership
#TurkeyPoint nuclear power plant expected to get water 5 10 ft above ground level
AS Geographers ... essential reading ! Hurricane Irma pummels Turks and Caicos islands
Florida Beach High Tides Prior to Hurricane Irma
The latest The ABC Article Directory Daily ! #hurricaneirma #backstory
hurricane irma looks soooo scary omg
Sending thoughts & prayers to everyone who has been effected by Harvey & Irma . Be safe and just know that we are w you to rebuild & recover
The Truth About Hurricane Irma
Wow a tiempo entre
Hurricane Irma Weaponized HAARP Weather Warfare Neil Keenan Update 9.7 . 17
Childrens Daily is out ! Stories via #unicef #hurricaneirma
Most FL homes threatened by Irma not insured .. Canadians largest group of foreign owners .
Irma Threatens Trump's Mar a Lago Prompting Evacuation Order via
#HurricaneIrma I live on an island and just a normal storm is scary . This must be truly terrifying . So sad for the people affected .
And a grand time was had by all ...
A solar eclipse Wildfires in Northwest Hurricane Harvey Hurricane Irma Hurricane Jose Hurricane Katia A solar flare An 8.1 earthquake
Crazy because a model I saw 5 mins ago said it shifted to the west so I'm lost really
Fucked up part is that Irma is going up the state so it will be hard for help supplies etc to get down to SoFla after it passes
Prayers today for people of Barbuda Caribbean #Irma . Also Mexico's Powerful 8.0 quake coast ; potential tsunami threat . ' Lord Hear Our Prayer '
TripleDots I'm just worried about miss gendering a storm . What if Irma wants to be called Mike
I liked a video Hurricane Irma Headed right for us ! Tampa Fl Paranormal Channel
Excuse me remember when you said global warming wasn't real . Please direct your gaze to the above tweet . #HurricaneIrma
Hurricane Irma Has Miami in Its Sights After Cutting Deadly Swath In Caribbean Shared from my Google feed
Many more people following your #stormchaser #irma journey than have ever followed a chase before . Irma i
So depressed this week is only bad news #irma #jose & tonight an #earthquake in #Mexico #Guatemala #ElSalvador
My heart aches for the families and friends separated by this disaster . #missmyBFF #SXM #Irma
Dollar Tumbles as Yen Euro Rally on Irma ECB Markets Wrap Bloomberg
At least fourteen people have been killed as Hurricane Irma tears its way through the Caribbean . #HeartNews
irma headed this way smh
NEW Police shoot knife wielding man at Miami Intl . Airport as thousands seek to escape Hurricane Irma's wrath
Our hearts break for all those affected by #HurricaneIrma2017 #HurricaneHarvey #MexicoCityQuake ...
Wow to everyone in the path of this Hurricane .
Why is this my dad
#earthquake what's next ducking zombies damn #HurricaneIrma #wildfires #zombies #ZombieApocalypse #SolarEclipse2017 fuck its zombie time
I'd like to see the Russians try and hack a hurricane to get Trump to beat Irma .
trump about hurricane irma looks like something that will not be good
Florida counts on tourism . #Irma is gonna jeopardize that for the foreseeable future with significant infrastructure damage .
The latest The Talkoholic Daily ! Thanks to #irma #hurricaneirma
RT inews 2day World famous St Martin airport where planes fly over beach goers hea
Oy Gevalt ... And now this ! Worn out from getting ready for #Irma plus hearing about fires pos volcano in Yosemite . Oy
Did you know that #Irma was Trending Topic on Thursday 7 for 21 hours in Ireland ? #trndnl
2 Florida nuclear power plants on the Atlantic Coast 2 shut down as #HurricaneIrma heads straight towards them
HIS advice ? Its advice from scientists the same ones he doesn t believe in . So it ? s f
Hurricane Irma damage in pictures Dominican Republic ravaged by killer hurricane's path ...
Can't even go on FB nowadays since my aunt is practically glued to it and the Weather Channel and giving herself a heart attack over Irma
#HurricaneIrma #MexicoEarthquake #GulfTsunami #solarstorm Jesus ... ur coming is very near ...
Look at this graphic and re evaluate any decision to shelter in place on Florida coast !
Now British Turks and Caicos Islands are pounded by Hurricane Irma as governor warns
Common sense isn't common #hurricaneirma #evacuateflorida #BrowardCounty #DadeCounty #gasgouge #floridaGas
#Florida #PriceGouging #Irma #HurricaneIrma report price gouging and tweet
Today was the worst . Where do I take Irma to court for pre mature aging & emotional damages ... ?
First hurricane warnings have been issued as Irma sets its sights on Miami
Europe Edition #HURRICANE Irma Emmanuel Macron Brexit Your Friday Briefing
U . S . Session Recap Greenback Tumbles as Hurricane Irma Looms EUR Stays Strong
Btw .. here's your " climate change " you clown ! !
I was curious what TWC does or won't do to their guys to keep u safe ? Particularly with Irma's scope and scale
Is Mother Nature saying something ? After solar eclipse largest #wildfire in western US #hurricane Harvey Irma ...
Caribbean islands hammered by Irma as Hurricane Jose approaches
I added a video to a playlist YOU MISSED THESE STRANGE SIGNS HAPPENING DURING HURRICANE IRMA
It is awful ! I live in the catastrophic zone of hurricane Irma . Been thru all the emotions and grief o
ooh
The fact that Irma become more ferocious at sea says it all that we need to wake up to regarding global warming ...
8 SEP and have the latest on
BUT SERIOUSLY i hope folks in mexico are okay same with everyone in the trail of hurricane irma . shit is fucked
Irma has killed at least 14 people . The storm still at Category 5 strength with maximum sustained winds of 175 mp
The world ending in silence ... Mexico just got hit with an 8.2 earthquake while we await Irma ... #MindFuck
#CalvinKlein #HurricaneIrma fashion awareness ?
It just feels so cold eerie dark which is not good signs something dark horrible lurking & about to surface & #Irma
MSC Cruises cancels upcoming cruise as hurricane Irma hits #Travel News And Tips Sleekar
HURRICANE IRMA Latest storm track puts north Georgia in Irma's path
Nuclear plants in Hurricane Irma's path are shutting down what a mess we've made via
All this plus catastrophic #floods in Niger Nigeria Sierra Leone Bangladesh India and Nepal . #Irma #Jose
realy ? ..
the revenant tried to warn us ya'll
Dear Trump Do you think you can negotiate with #irma and #jose ? #globalwarming Cheers
Hurricane and #earthquake . All happening in the Americas #Mexico #IRMA
Hurricane Harvey Hurricane Irma followed by Hurricane Jose and now 8 magnitude Earthquake off the coast of ...
Irma heads to Florida kills 14 across Caribbean
yea
#MTBWorlds #NZLvARG #WOINZ #NZGDC17 #Irma ChCh Canterbury Colmar Brunton TVNZ Maori 29
Climate change and hurricanes Is Irma a sign of things to come ? #Hurricanes #HurricaneKatia #HurricaneJose
look
Eclipse hurricanes ... I think God isn't happy with how people are treating each other & his earth . Climate change i
Irma to Andrew " Get out of my way you puny man storm . " Andrew quivers in fear
thats true
Turks and Caicos Relentless #Irma Next stop got something to say about this ? ShoutBubble it here
Irma kills at least 14 across Caribbean From Aljazeera
My cousin lives in FL . We'll have to extend an invite to stay with us if she needs to after the hurricane . I worry
Oh dear british airways ad for florida ... #HurricaneIrma
Together we will rebuild . Sending thoughts & prayers to everyone effected by Harvey & Irma . Be safe & know we are w you to recover .
Hey Hurricane Irma I got something you can blow !
We should be naming hurricanes after Exxon and Chevron not Harvey and Irma .
Category 5 Irma stays on perilous path toward Florida ; hurricane watch issued
Hurricane Harvey I'm going to be the natural disaster blunder of the week Hurricane Irma Hold my beer Mexico ...
The Simpsons 1996 Points to Hurricane Irma Orlando Florida ?
Florida To Power Down Two Nuclear Plants Before Irma's Arrival
Larry Where are you during IRMA ? You know ... i was ..
Lmfaooo I really can't
So just screw the entire state ?
Irma is anti clock wise the one in Gulf of Mexico is clockwise perhaps outer bands will eliminat
ohh men irma really doin bad
As travelers flee wrath of Irma knife wielding man shot by police at Miami airport
I think Mother Nature is fed up of our shit #mexicoearthquake #HurricaneIrma
#FreshBreakfast Uber Sam Smith #NOKIA8 #Ntirhisano #ANCKZN Hurricane Irma #TheQueenMzansi Phakamani Mahlamb 85
Police shoot knife weilding man at Miami airport as thousands seek to escape Hurricane Irma's wrath .
Thanks for letting me know while I wait for Irma .
Building lost windows trailers flipped #Irma hits #BritishVirginIslands Courtesy Carl
Fucking Irma is a bitch no wonder Harvey was so fast getting away from that hoe
This hurricane gunna go down in history and it's fucking name is Irma .
NBCNews First hurricane warnings have been issued as Irma sets its sights on Miami
And in the Caribbean with #Irma . All of these events you do the global warming climate change math . #earthquake
Hurricane Irma has destroyed the Princess Juliana International Airport via TIME
H I J Hurricanes Harvey Irma Jose
The 11pm and 2am updates on #HurricaneIrma bring hope to #chswx but experience tells me the current track will change by Saturday morning .
Right it was 30 fucking years ago when something could have been done . Now it's too late and we're doomed LOL
Just incase ion make it thru #HurricaneIrma I MUST admit that I am In Love with you
This tweet is responsive government ? #IrmaHurricane2017 #Irma2017 #hurricaneirma2017 #FEMA #Resist
It is ... fuck irma !
All hands together to aid this terrible disaster #earthquakes #IrmaHurricane2017
IT'S NOT THE FUCKING TIME TO PUSH A FUCKING CLIMATE CHANGE AGENDA ! WE NEED TO FOCUS ON RIDING THIS BITCH OUT ! #HurricaneIrma #FloridaStrong
Thoughts & prayers with those in British Virgin Islands & the Caribbean affected by Hurricane Irma & with families
OMG I would say more like a terrifying comparison if you're down south right now . Everyone please evacuate if you
Katic What is Irma ?
#HurricaneIrma is flattening Inagua now . Looks like most all of the 900 residents have been evacuated .
New Irma Model Brushes Entire State #HurricaneIrma #Florida
Puerto Rico u dirty little whore getting a train ran through one last time before the end ... smh
All Florida Schools State Offices Ordered To Close As Hurricane Irma Nears
#USNews 7 household hacks to help you prepare for Hurricane Irma CBS News
#MONEY #IRMA business Mercedes is fielding Buzz Aldrin to take on BMW at this year's Frankfurt motor show
Irma's destruction island by island World news The Guardian
#USNews Hurricane Irma closing in on Florida FOX 31 Denver
Katic Couldn't sleep thinking about those whose were affected by Harvey and those who are bracing for Irma .
I liked a video FL Hurricane Irma Charge your phone in a Emergency ! !
Oh goodness I hope they open the southbound lanes soon !
Irma Could Leave Puerto Rico Without Power for 6 Months
COSY FM News Michigan Utilities Send Crews To Assist With Hurricane Irma
This Is The Devasticated Result Of How You Male Treat My Dame Lady Girls Teens Etc . Kanker Mannen ! Tiefus Hond
First hurricane warnings have been issued as Irma sets its sights on Miami NBC
The latest TheTroubleshooter Daily ! Thanks to says #irma #hurricaneirma
Track the path of the storm . via
First hurricane warnings issued for South Florida as Irma approaches ABC News via watch this
I liked a video Building lost a whole lot of windows trailers flipped Hurricane Irma hits
U . S . Session Recap Greenback Tumbles as Hurricane Irma Looms EUR Stays Strong via
Y'all stay safe out there during #hurricaneirma ! Hopefully it won't be as devastating as #hurricaneharvey !
No doubt in my mind Irma was SUPPOSED to hit NY till they changed it
Will hurricane resistant windows resist Irma ?
KarloMdz 6abc Delta plane from Puerto Rico flies directly into Hurricane Irma
Delta jet flies into Hurricane Irma and out again in incredible feat
HURRICANE TIP Make sure 2 take photos videos of ur belongings . U will need these 4 homeowner rental insurance claims #HurricaneIrma
Images show the extent of the devastation . via
Thinking of and everyone else in #Anguilla today . #HurricaneIrma
alexon I am praying my heart and soul out for all those in the path of Irma ! !
All the love and care goes to the people going through hurricane Irma .
#toCONSIDER Some 700 000 people have been evacuated from Cuba's NE coast as #HurricaneIrma barrels westward across Caribbean
Do you believe in global warming now ? Or does more sh have to happen ? #earthquake #HurricaneIrma
RT crankywxguy A look at IRMA's end game nearing .
#HurricaneIrma remains a category 5 hurricane with slightly decreased wind speeds of 160mph #Updates #News #Irma
St . Martin " s famous airport badly damaged by Hurricane Irma .
Building lost windows trailers flipped #Irma hits #BritishVirginIslands Courtesy Ca
That feeling when you're scrolling thru Irma and Mexican quake updates and see ...
UK gov is responding to the catastrophic damage thats been caused by #Irma Foreign Sec . What the UK is doing
oh i don't have a kkt which is why i don't have it . and she's alr asleep . i'll just hope irma can heck off
fuck . this . shit . ppl have already died from these storms and more will . fuck a cute human interest story in light
UK boosts aid budget for Irma sends two warships
Can't find my Melodrama hat . that bitch Irma already out here taunting me
ooc is it bad to use Irma as background for an rp or cd ? seems bad to use it
App Store gets new frontrunners amid Hurricane Irma Harvey Mashable
Little perspective for ya ...
The latest Eye Tech Sercure ! #sheisthefirst #hurricaneirma
We've overstayed our welcome our host has had enough .
Disney Information on Hurricane Irma .
Not unexpected but not good news from Fri 2AM Euro . It still tracks #Irma west right over Polk County and closer to
Donald Trump finally tweeted about Hurricane Irma ... and boy are they strange by RO Wa
Climate change is on schooling non believers #Harvey #Irma #Jose #Katia earthquake #Mexico tsunami alert #GulfofMexico
#HurricaneHarvey #HurricaneIrma #HurricaneJose Cartoon of the day ...
We Have Nothing Left Islanders Survey Irmas Destruction via
Our response to #Irma has let the citizens of British territories in the Caribbean down badly . Come
I liked a video Chill w DJaxs Irma Warning
Did that really just happen please watch this
Biggest quake since 1985 hits Mexican coast Tsunami Hurricanes Irma & Harvey deadly monsoons #EarthIsNotPlaying
WE need to start taking better care of our planet ... #FridayFeeling #Earthquake #HurricaneIrma
This is image of #Irma from about an hour ago . Good luck be safe ! ! !
Summary for Hurricane Irma AT1 AL112017
Third hurricane in gulf east of Mexico and fourth behind Irma heading toward us ...
I liked a video Trump Gives Short Term Debt Ceiling Extension Hurricane Irma Monologue
Looking for best route out of #Florida #HurricaneIrma ? ! ? ! Sitting on I75 south of #Ocala in heavy #traffic at 2 40 am . Wtf #scaryassstorm
yeahh
No Hurricane Irma is not a Category 6 storm there is no Category 6 via
2 am Friday Hurricane Irma Intermediate Advisory
Irma is epic huge
News Daily Hurricane Irma and tsunami warning
House delays vote on government spending bill due to Hurricane Irma
Man films Irma destruction to warn Florida via r worldnews
Hurricane Irma hits James Packer Robert De Niro resort plan by #ausbiz #HurricaneIrma
i've been in a car for 12 hours driving to tallahassee irma's coming !
North Korea is attacking America and Mexico with natural disasters you heard it here from first #earthquake #HurricaneIrma
News Hurricane Irma kills 14 as the storm now heads for Florida
This is what I want in a caring leader . 40 through to 44 . Rock on . #OneAmericanAppeal
Pray for the world
well that's a wrap . bye yall
It's all about the batteries you fools ... the batteries ! Meanwhile in the real world is still a dic
BBCWorld RT BBCNews Your morning briefing #Irma continues destruction #tsunami warning after Pacific #earthqu
Hurricane Irma right compared to Hurricane Andrew in 1992 . Andrew killed 65 cost $ 26 B destroyed 63 000 homes
Tracking Hurricane Irma This radar and computer model loop shows Hurricane Irma as the storm treks just to th
Police shoot knife wielding man at Miami airport as thousands flee Hurricane Irma
Wind at normal ' oh my god did you hear the storm last night ? ' level so will try to snooze until daylight . Will post pics then . #Irma
Hurricane Irma threatens power losses for millions in Florida
Fiji water . $ 20 .. if mfer charging $ 20 a case for some that's usually $ 5 . I wanted feel not type of way . But that's just me . #HurricaneIrma
Well that puts things in stark perspective .
Hurricane Irma Diddy Gloria Estefans Homes In Path Of Destruction
You know what this means ... " SCOTUS Needs To Immediately Reverse Roe v . Wade And Obergefell Bef
It may also help with added outflow for Irma as it is just close enough to do that espec
In pics Powerful record breaking #HurricaneIrma visible from #InternationalSpaceStation via
. #IRMA analyzed so far > Never before have we seen a hurricane with sustaining
The Apocalypse is more stressful than I thought it would be . #Harvey #Irma #earthquake #Trump #WesternWildfires #NorthKorea
Hurricane Irma storm batters Bahamas and Haiti while Florida evacuates latest updates
Newsworthy Officials Irma may render areas of ... The latest forecast puts Irma on a path to strike southern ...
So what's an appropriate amount to sue for ?
RT bbcnews Your morning briefing #Irma continues destruction #tsunami warning after Pacific #earthquake plus
Praying for Fl and praying for all god have mercy #earthquake #HurricaneIrma #wildfires #life
#IrmaHurricane2017 going to Florida & into Georgia Alabama Tennessee ? While Mexico earthquake threatens Tsunami !
At least 14 people dead as Hurricane Irma continues
More than 1 million without power 3 dead in Puerto Rico after Irma strikes Pittsburgh Post Gazette
#HurricaneJose Forms In The Atlantic East Of Hurricane Irma Hurricane Jose #HurricaneJose
Hurricane Irma has already killed nine in the Caribbean and is headed straight for Florida . On Thursday the ...
Bruhh we not done w irma and now we got earthquakes in mexico smh #PrayForTheWorld
she gotta drop a mixtape if she wanna be welcome in atlanta
A Tribute To Those Affected By #HurricaneHarvey #HurricaneIrma #Florida #Texas #Houston #Miami
World famous airport destroyed as #HurricaneIrma leaves trail of destruction
Ppl in Key Largo bar who wouldn't evacuate it's not clear #HurricaneIrma will even hit us but if it does we'll
heavy sigh that's me with Irma rn
Amazon is under fire for reported Hurricane Irma price gouging with ' life sustaining necessities ' selling for wil
I realize Irma Harvey R devastating but plz reprt on the West burning down !
great !
Planet is in danger with the climate change . How many Hurricanes after Harvey Irma Jose & Earthquake
Hurricane Irma is changing all sorts of ppls plans cm atleast that's a nice 1 !
Fearless NOAA Pilots Fly Into the Eye of Hurricane Irma
Hurricane Irma Are You In Its Destructive Path & What You Can Do To Stay Safe
Irma is being an unconscionable ballbreaker .
These niggas online on Call of duty talking about hurricane Irma gonna fuck us up cause Im the only one in the lobby from FL
Gov . Deal issues state of emergency ahead of Hurricane Irma via r news
Panam ofrece ayuda humanitaria a islas impactadas por huracn Irma #news
check
My grandmas name is Irma
Five in Ten 9 6 17 Irma Aims at Florida via
I called it the climate change debate is the new gun debate
We Have Nothing Left Islanders Survey Irmas Destruction The New York Times
Weird how god keeps punishing the Bible Belt for #marriageequaility #Irma #Harvey
First Harvey then Irma then Jose and now an earth quake . I did not see this coming mother nature is more brutal than I thought .
You hoes best be taking pictures of you without makeup right now So we know who tf you are after Irma .
HURRICANE TIP Have Water 2drink for 7 days water does NOT have 2b bottled water Fill jugs w tap water . #HurricaneIrma
Thank you Velma for the laugh while I'm waiting for Irma ! She will be at my house in 48 hours ! We said
Sending my thoughts & prayers to those affected by the earthquake in Mexico & also to those in the Caribbean affected by Hurricane Irma .
Irma if you touch somebody or something in Florida I am going to have to step out and
Expect Irma evacuation to begin Saturday SC governor says The State
Better late than never . Too much focus on #Brexit ? Just don't ask us to help . #AmericaFirst #Irma
Irma is heading for Mar a Lago and people are delighted
Tormenta Katia Tormenta Jose Irma worst huracan ever Terremoto 8.1 Mxico con aviso de posible tsunami Yeah we a
Anyone ever notice that according to the GOP you can never talk about issues before during or after events they
Latest #Hurricane Watches and Warnings #IRMA
Crazy #HurricaneIrma
A President with more concern for us in his little finger than the whole of Congress MSM and the Senate put toget
I am sending love and safety to those victims in Hurricane Irma . Stay Safe everyone ! #HurricaneIrma #Irma #Hurricane
what gives ? I ordered supplies 4 #hurricaneIrma with #Prime on Wed & now 2day delivery became 1 week ? You screwed me ! I trusted you !
So disgusted by how much the airplane tickets raised for ppl trying to get away from Hurricane Irma . $ 1 000 really ? ? ?
#irma is now a Texas sized Hurricane .
Bless . I'm sure he has others though ...
think the same !
World ' It's nerve racking ' Sask . residents brace for Hurricane Irma from afar CBC.ca
I guess we can stop making horror movies now . Nobody's gonna top this .
MSNBC 11 53pm CAT 5 HURRICANE IRMA TEARS ACROSS CARIBBEAN AIMING AT FLORIDA
Harvey almost caused Vinnie to not be able to fly here ... now he's been here & I get ripped off a day bc he has to leave early thx to Irma
First hurricane Harvey then hurricane Irma then a 8.0 earthquake in Mexico what's going on with this world prayers to all !
I wonder who told Diane Abbott about Irma ?
#OuraganIRMA APPLICATION DE LA LOI EN FLORIDE 08 09 17 Cops shoot man ' wielding knife ' at Miami Airport during Irma >
Irma gonna devastate Florida and I'm more worried about my pop vinyls . Fuck the house Irma can keep it but don't fuck with my pops .
Who pays the cost of Mother Nature's destructive fury ? #hurricane #irma #harvey #insurance #reinsurance via
yeah ..
#irma 4 days from now we will see Floridians that ignored Hurricane warnings swimming in sewage .
Fox hurricane #Irma covering live
#Breaking #News Hurricane Irma Threatens Power Losses For Millions In Florida #BreakingNews
Whether you're in Naples or Miami you are likely looking at very destructive hurricane impacts from LARGE #Irma .
Has Hurricane Irma changed direction or something ? #RainingCatsAndDogs
Maaan this is qawm Aad treatment .
Police shoot knife wielding man at Miami airport as thousands seek to escape Hurricane Irma's wrath ABC News
Irma is devolving but not as fast as I'd hope for . Still big as shit
wat ?
The double barrelled climate change warning #Irma and #Jose
fuck man anyone ever seen Orange County ?
With all the nervousness and eagerness to leave town a situation that hampers the process and increase fear . Irma ...
Alright lads and lasses ! If you're in the path of Irma please be safe ! Goodnight and sleep well ! MTFBWY !
At least he's not worried . #hurricaneirma #irma #florida #hurricane #cat #houseofdahlstrom #tabby #catsofinstrag
#HurricaneIrma Plan gas stops wisely if evacuating . Ft . Myers stations still waiting for more fuel . Some issues in
Irma British sisters feared missing on Barbuda after storm devastates Caribbe
Tourist stuck in Orlando . There is no way to go . Is anyone leaving Orlando could give drive us from here . We are 3 people . #irma #Hurracaine
So I am stook at this nigga house and it's a hurricane otw . She stayed home lmao
I don't get why Irma can kill 10 people and not go to jail but OJ can not do anything and go to jail
Harvey Irma and now tsunami alert in Central America as a result of earthquake hitting Mexico Guatemala . Lord our hope is in You .
National news PM makes 32m available for Hurricane Irma aftermath in Caribbean
Hurricane Irma Home Depot Lowe's prepare for second major storm Fox News
Hurricane Irma looks serious . Just to be safe I won't be going to work tomorrow . Y'all be careful out there .
Did Irma's Off Center Lashing of Puerto Rico Worsen Its Economy ? #vrai777 $ v #web
Ti thm video vo danh sch pht UK to send MILITARY task force and warship to Hurricane Irma trn
#Harvey and #Irma sitting in a tree ... k i s s i n g ... for 75 years . lc
The Daystarter Latest on Hurricane Irma's track ; we answer your s ... #breakingnews by
RT Enough said ...
Hurricane Irma Destroys Puerto Rico With Strong Winds Heavy Rain #hurricane #irmahurricane2017 #HurricaineIrma
#turksandcaicos 4 hours ago #Irma #HurricaneIrma
How is he so stupid
Maybe we all stopped being scared by terror .. so now it's weather .. #conspiracytheories #HAARP #hurricaneirma
Please . No fat shaming !
Still absolutely wide awake ! ! ! Hurricane party anyone ? #newtampa #tampapalms #southtampa #hurricaneirma2017
Hope I'll wake up to an offer to bring us some wood for our windows . Everywhere we looked is sold out . #news #orlando #hurricaneirma
Natural selection
My thoughts and prayers for all of you in the path of the monster known as Irma . Gob bless and do what it takes to keep you and yours safe .
Now what are those speeds in the real units used by the rest of the world ?
Let's pray for Mexico Magnitude 8.1 earthquake And Florida Hurricane Irma ... BE SAFE !
Best of human nature . We take care of our own . #HurricaneIrma2017
Stop being such an asshat . People need to be safe . Irma is a huge hurricane . That will be your biggest priority .
A total tragedy for wildlife in this paradise zone ! #animalwelfare #wildlife #nature #endangeredspecies
Extremely dangerous Hurricane Irma to batter Hispaniola to Cuba and the Bahamas via FOX NEWS
ShareOK PRAY That GOD TurnTheSTORM FromUSA GOD Said AskAnything IF TwoAgree IT Shall DONE ThankYou GOD
Harvey and Irma married 75 years marvel at storms bearing their names
Hurricane Jose to threaten rain wind across Leeward Islands following devastation from Irma via FOX NEWS
#Harvey #Irma #Jose #Katia Let's call them all #Gaia because obviously it's her being furious .
im so drunk idk what to tell y'allb ut if irma blows me tf away i luv you guysz
yal be worried about the WRONGGGGGG SHIT BRO
Headed south down 95 . Traffic looks smooth heading north . Close to the FL GA border . #HurricaneIrma
#RohingyaGenocide #HurricaneIrma #MexicoEarthquake the most pressing disasters of today man & nature gone wild !
FOXNEWS 12 01am FLORIDA BRACES FOR DIRECT HIT FROM HURRICANE IRMA FL Gov RICK scorr DIRECTS ALL STATEWIBE . . PUBLIC SCHOOLS . SERVICES ...
HI HOW R YOU WELL HURRICANE IRMA WE ARE GETTING THE EYE WEST PALM BEACH THE RIGHT SIDE THAT'S THE MOST WIND
What's next for Hurricane Irma ?
This is all so beyond sad . My heart goes out to every county state and city going through this shit right now
that would blow a gypsy of his sister alrite
I bet y'all feel stupid evacuating there now huh
This thing literally the size of Florida
& and earthquake in southern Mexico . #ClimateChangeIsReal #TheEarthIsPissed
I liked a video Live HURRICANE IRMA Tracking CAT 5 185 MPH to SLAM FLORIDA Orlando Storm Irma Path
Dude either you're gonna be a dick or have compassion . Which one ? I can't take the split personalities . ALL IN ONE
First pictures from Hurricane Irma show destruction of record breaking storm via
In Florida Izz of the hurricane Irma per day the plan of mobilization of the National Guar ...
SO HOW ABOUT IT DO YOU BELIEVE IN CLIMATE CHANGE NOW ? HOW MANY DISASTER UNTIL YOU DO ? #FirePruit in EPA GET SOMEON
My friend Josh chases hurricanes & reports as . A little crazy but a good follow if you want first person
Irma is coming for us Orlando fml
Wow even worse . They've been screaming for some time now that Miami basically under water
gonna leave my house cause of irma #hurricaneirma
Nahhh forreal though ! ! !
Sammy Lane from Penrith who now lives in Miami says he's preparing for chaos with up to 200mph expected in Florida from Hurricane Irma .
Finally found a map for ppl like me who dnt know where places r in the US . #HurricaneIrma
" Out of the Paris Accord ! " he said w a smile ! 2 largest electoral states 4 Trump ? Tx . Fla . Harvey
And hurricane irma should b called hurricane EXODUS BECAUSE EVERY 1 MAKE N AN EXODUS
theNewsWorthy for Fri Sept 8th is here ! We're talking #Irma #Equifax & #HQ2 more LISTEN NOW
On the islands stripped bare by Hurricane Irma I feel like Im on the moon . Theres not a single tree standing .
Wildfires hurricanes floods tornadoes and now earthquakes and tsunamis .. This is terrible . #Mexico #Irma #Katia
I know ! 1 after another that was 8.1 earthquake HUGE ! 3 more hurricanes coming ... never been anyth
Reminder that millions are being affected by Irma and are potentially losing everything so I think you can live without your WDW trip .
UPDATE Chile was hit by Tsunami . Death toll now stand at 122 . #HurricaneIrma #HurricaneJose #HurricaneKatia #Earthquake #Fire #Tsunami
I believe so ... it's pretty scary Irma seems pretty nasty storms I'll try to stay home and be safe
Gas in Florida gets armed escort as Hurricane Irma bears down
MSNBC 12 05am IRMA IS CAT . 5 HURRICANE WITH WINDS UP TO175 MPH DONALD TRUMP JR . FACES SENATE INVESTIGATORS
Would be great if contraflow lanes were opened on the turnpike . #HurricaneIrma
Excellent Alexander let's start with #hurricane #IndianOilCorporation instead of #irma
#HurricaneIrma is coming to praying for you
Information about Hurricane Irma in Google Search
Hurricane Irma Whats Happened and Whats Next
What say you
Wow exactly what I was hoping would not happen
Safe flight to my love . Glad she's returning home from Florida before hurricane Irma gets there .
" we cant save you once the strom hits " says FL GOV . And now the earthquake .
This absolutely terrifying . Stay safe everyone !
Irma & Jose Danger siren predicted as visioned before it happened and live news now . WYSIWYG loyal fans
Kennedy Space Center braces for Hurricane Irma . Stay safe out there .
nytimesworld On the islands stripped bare by Hurricane Irma I feel like Im on the moon . Theres not a single tree standing .
WATCH The insanity of Hurricane Irma as she heads for Miami
Cuz of this tweet just like that the skies cleared and Hurricane Irma was put to rest
Hero Delta Pilot Ignores Warnings Flies Directly Into Irma Look What He ...
Magnitude 8.1 Earthquake hits Mexico while Deadly Irma is continuing to read a deadly path . #Prayers #EarthMustBeAngry
member when noaa was catching hurricane irma on the tectonic reader ya'll thought
I am so saddened and even more worried that so many of my friends and family decided to stay in South Florida . #HurricaneIrma
hurricane Irma is on her way to Florida . I hope that nothing will be happend with the house of . Stay safe
ARE YOU SURE ABOUT THIS MY MAN IS THIS THE HILL YOU WANNA DIE ON LIKE FOR SURE ? ? ?
Here's how one nonprofit is empowering people with disabilities before Hurricane Irma strikes
I've never even seen anything like 3 Hurricanes threatening land simultaneously & 8.3 EARTHQUAKE to boot in a shit
app to find gas in FL #HurricaneIrma
Hurricane #Irma flattens homes and causes power outages in the Caribbean
Hurricane #Irma Caribbean risk pool pr supported by #InsuResilience to make payouts of US $ 15.6 million .
How Zello app topped iTunes chart due to Hurricane Irma #Zello #Hurricane #HuricaneHarvey #iOSapp #HurricaneIrma
can irma get it over with already
I lived in DC during Hurricane Isabel which was labeled a Cat 5 . Irma can eat a dick I ain't goin !
This happened in Japan thats not actually irma
So Hurricane Irma hitting Georgia and North Carolina too ? ? ?
Top story Florida air travel starts to shut down ahead of Irma Sep . 8 2017 see more
Didn't drumpf say he wanted this ? Makes for good business at his hotels . Idiot . What about the rest of our trade ?
I actually don't think they're trying a pun here ... I could be wrong . ' Brits who are suffering Irma hel
Don't egg this bitch on
Stuck in the path of Hurricane Irma ? Here are key facts and ... #Canada First published on CBC News
WATCH An Aerial View of Hurricane Irmas Destruction in St . Thomas
The latest EMPIRE Chronicles ! #hurricaneirma2017 #hurricaneirma
The latest Information choose change live . ! Thanks to #irma #m5s
Floridians to Trump take your fake sympathy and shove it far up your ass . And please don't come here to sell us yo
Good Hurricane Irma Coverage and Tracking page 1
Could this man be any more inconsiderate ? ? Enjoy your wine cellar whilst all of the Caribbean is in ruins and peopl
First Harvey then Irma now a 8.1 magnitude earthquake off the coast of Mexico
In pics Powerful record breaking Hurricane Irma visible fr #digitalmarketing #news #today
Employers Brace for Hurricane Irma by
Hurricane Irma pummels Turks and Caicos islands as storm moves to Bahamas latest news va
Harvey and Irma may be hurricanes .. they're also an adorable married couple in Spokane . They reflect on life & the
Flood Prone Areas in Anguilla Re Hurricane Irma
Florida readies for powerful Hurricane Irma Florida readies for powerful Hurricane Irma
Irma expected to be a tropical storm as it nears Rock Hill area The Herald Full via
The Bahamas braces for Hurricane Irma #hurricaneirma
Right #HurricaneIrma
#HurricaneIrma #hurricaneirma2017 HOPE factor going to be big here
Click to help those affected by hurricane Irma for FREE !
New Blog Post How to help our Caribbean neighbours affected by Hurricane Irma
News wrap Hurricane Irmas path of destruction the Trump slump is real and more
Irma heads to Florida kills 14 across Caribbean News
Trying to survive #ForestFires #HurricaneKatia #hurricaneirma #HurricaneJose #earthquakes #Tsunami da fuck am I g
a little head's up prayer and just a prayer for all those you will be going through and have gone through hurricane Irma
Obviously as with everything nowadays need to confirm that is actually footage of Irma but it still demonstrates the power of nature .
That's deadass my uncle
The American model is actually more ominous for MIA area you need to be near the core of the storm to get the really extreme winds .. #Irma
So Irma destroyed all of st Maarten and I only saw one post on this
Scary quote on Irma's 175mph winds here " Thats similar to a tornado except this tornado is 80 miles wide " #scicom
At least 14 dead as Hurricane Irma hits Caribbean
Ok so is it hurricane IMRA or IRMA because Jeremy and me have been arguing for at least 10 minutes over it
Hope I still have a house come Monday . Irma is going to run us right the fuck over !
#Florida will get direct hit . Expect same . #Irma
Tink I hope that you're okay and #Irma is not in your midst . Take care . xx
i can smell her breath thru her stories bruh if Irma don't kill me it's gon be these snaps
Click HERE #EU #News #EuropeUnion Hurricane Irma pummels Turks and Caicos islands as sto
looks great
Oil up after Harvey fallout ; Irma heads toward Florida Fox Business .. Related Articles
Royal Caribbean Is Using a Cruise Ship to Evacuate Employees from Miami Ahead of #HURRICANE Irma #GPWX
Be Informed ! The Latest On #HurricaneIrma via Operation Storm Watch On BOOKMARK IT ! ! Be Safe ! ! !
He's right . We should've talked about it thirty years ago and be well into actually fucking doing something about
ohh !
#tsunami #HurricaneIrma #WARNINGS Fires in Western US Calamities follow the North and Central America . #Pray
Not freaking out about Hurricane Irma and name Grant's truck #contest via
Trump Waffles on DACA Responds to Hurricane Irma A Closer Look #Conspiracytheories
Wait Irma is coming for Georgia ? Cause I got zero groceries and no gas .
6 PM Hurricane Irma update #Conspiracytheories
#News CARIBBEAN HURRICANES Massive Hurricane Irma approaches Turks and Caicos Islands
Massive Hurricane Irma threatens Florida and beyond #Conspiracytheories
Hurricane Irma Closing In On Florida Leaving Wake Of Destruction #Conspiracytheories
Hurricane Irma 11 pm update #Conspiracytheories
Irma's deadly passage batters Caribbean at least 12 dead
Florida governor Hurricane Irma ' much worse ' than Andrew
Hurricane Irma pummels Turks and Caicos islands as storm moves to Bahamas l ... 1 UKBot #UK #politics
ECMWF 00Z Irma w hurr conditions much of Florida . But Miami W.PalmBeach area " only " sees 110mph not 150mph gusts .
Mother Nature has obvs got Aunt Irma visiting this week ... cranky bitch !
Dollar Tumbles as Yen Euro Rally on Irma ECB Markets Wrap
Hurricane Irma likely to be far worse than monster Andrew With category 5 strength winds
Hurricane Irma ' It was like a horror movie '
#Irma #Jose #Katia tracked using Hurricanes more power warmer air warmer water & sea lev
To all my followers dealing with the bitch Irma . Stay safe y'all .
Air Canada responding to Hurricane Irma's pending arrival
scherer Be safe ! Glad to hear you'll be well out of Irma's path .
Worried for my family in Antigua .. can't imagine facing another hurricane so soon .. #IrmaHurricane2017
British sisters found ' alive ' in Barbuda after Irma
Airlines Capping Fares For Travelers Evacuating Florida Ahead Of Hurricane Irma About bloody time ! #HurricaneIrma
Dutch & French troops were already on ground in colonies b4 #Irma . A disgrace that Britain have taken so long to send aid .
End of the World ? #Mexico #HurricaneHarvey #HurricaneIrma #MexicoCity #EndTimes #NorthKorea #Russia #USA #China
Martin That's where my son sheltered from Ir
Who pissed off Mother Nature #HurricaneIrma #HurricaneJose #HurricaneKatia #EarthquakeMexico
So we still having that Irma party ? Ladies free before 40mph ? ? ? ! !
First hurricane warnings Issued as Irma has Miami in its sights via
May Hurricane Irma be in your favor
Media slow to realise that islands struck by #Irma are British.Remember when revolt in #Anguilla was put down by the Metropolitan Police ? !
Dear Homestead FL Here's Hurricane Irma compared to Hurricane Andrew
Hurricane Irma pummels Turks and Caicos islands as storm moves to Bahamas latest news Read by Telegraph
MarketWatch " Irma has orange juice markets justifiably nervous because about 60 % of all U . S . orange production is in Florida
CNN 12 17am Storm surge up to 2O feet expected in parts of Bahamas . . HURRICANE IRMA . . nA'rcnnnv m 1 anu ' " me 1 Rm ...
Hurricane Warnings Add Urgency to Florida Evacuations by THE ASSOCIATED PRESS via NYT
Beautiful #StMartin was absolutely wrecked by #HurricaneIrma . God bless all those impacted .
RT reuters ' Fidel Castro used to say that we have to resist what comes ' Cuba prays for protection from #Irma
Aid groups rush to help as Hurrican Irma batters northern Haiti via
up crying bout this bitch irma
Good luck to all our armed services on active or humanitarian duties
St . Martin Is Unreachable Staggering Images Show Latest Hurricane Irma Damage Video
Satellite Animation Sees Category 5 Hurricane Irma and Tropical Storm Katia via #HurricaneIrma
#SouthCarolina #Weather Hurricane Irma path update Spaghetti models show MONSTER storm hitting US East Coast Hurr
#SouthCarolina #Weather Hurricane Irma's storm path What you should know The National Hurricane Center has warned
Irma hits Florida soon & moves up east coast ! JOSE GROWING hits next week round Carolina's & moves up east coast bi
hurrycane irma Stay safe
While y'all driving up north I'm driving down south meeting my baby irma halfway
My heart goes out to all the effected during the #Hurricane #HurricaneHarvey #hurricaneirma2017 #HurricaneKatia #HuracanJose God bless you
W His net worth is $ 20 mill . I doubt Harvey Irma and the monsoons floods on Bangladesh get him to " Mathew 19 21 "
If Harvey was a cat and Irma was a dog & they somehow mated to sire eye watering unicorn hybrids ; I still wouldn't
So katia just went and promoted herself to a hurricane ?
The latest Genshin ! #irma #hurricaneirma
u know
dat awesome ..
The size of devastating Hurricane Andrew in 1992 VS Hurricane Irma today .
Gas stations waiting for #gas deliveries have lines of cars waiting #HurricaneIrma
Who gives a flying fuck about Trumps fuckin shit there are people DYING
Help me help others . Dm to order your #nyrorganic #nealsyardremediesorganic goodies & ill personally donate my prof
Irma could ' catastrophically devastate ' our state Florida governor warns
#JSGCommodities Frank Jenkins is optimistic the Floridian cane crop will have time to recover barring significant damage from Irma .
Tips for tracking Hurricane Irma and Charleston weather on social media
Floridians Jam Highways to Flee Hurricane IRMA . #HurricaneIRMA #Florida #Breaking via
Florida air travel starts to shut down ahead of Irma CNNMoney
HARVEY IRMA JOSE KATIA COMMENT PEUT ON ENCORE PRETENDRE QUE LE CHANGEMENT CLIMATIQUE N'EST EN RIEN LIE A L'HOMME ?
Conspiracy theory or ... ? Hurricane Irma and ... Weather modification
Hurricane Irma path UPDATE ' LEAVE NOW ! ' Stark warning as Irma bears down on Florida
What a South Florida hot rodder loves to see on a 3 a . m . gas hunt before Hurricane Irma .
Thoughts and Prayers for all those affected by #HurricaneIrma #HurricaneJose and #HurricaneKatia stay safe ! ! !
Hurricane Irma Florida declares State of Emergency as storm upgraded to Category 5 UPDATES
Hurricane Irma has become so strong it's showing up on seismometers used to measure earthquakes
People who wish #Irma wipes out ' house in Florida are disgusting . No matter your political thoughts that's so wrong .
Tourists Evacuated from Cuba as Irma Continues to Ravage the Caribbean Barbuda #Barbuda #barbuda
Only way to make this better is if Irma took him with it .
Alaska Air National Guard Pararescue is prepositioning for Irma right now . Stay safe .
htTweets #Photos Category 5 #HurricaneIrma kills 14 in Carribean ; Florida braces for impact
Dear Irma Can you just destroy the Scientology buildings near me & in miami . Kthanks xo
Right when we thought Hurricane Irma was going to be devastating it might do the whole country a big favor ! !
Some how some way tax payers are gonna have to pay for this
2 major hurricanes . Irma 160mph winds & Jose 120mph winds . #IrmaHurricane2017 #Irma #Jose #flwx
I JUST DONT WANT MY TODDLERS TO EXPERIENCE #PURTORICO #VIRGINISLANDS #IRMA #HURRICANEIRMA
6 PM Hurricane Irma update via
WHAT A COINCIDENCE Harvey and Irma married 75 years marvel at the storms baring their names
Okay but can all the hurricanes just agree to only affect that imbecile & racists & politicians & greedy capitalis
Only #vehicles I see heading in that direction our #trucks delivering supplies and #fuel . #irma 3
With Hurricane Irma Florida could see " catastrophic flooding "
#I75 N out of #Tampa is running at speed limits not much out here but truckers and a few cars #HurricaneIrma #EvacuationRouteOut ofFlorida
The latest The wolfsrebellen Daily ! Thanks to Gregor #irma #parents
Monstrous Hurricane Irma heads for Florida after killing 14 #TISNews Click Link
Flamengo " " Wisdom is the key in his lectures #REMARKABLE #SCHOLAR #QuranSays by Br .
I get to see my boy tomorrow and I get to go home this weekend again so I'm pretty content even if it is for Irma purposes
The latest The Mohon Dangsawa Daily ! Thanks to Football #irma #bandbaajaa
Berrios ' worst Irma fears fail to materialize
Hurricane Irma Cuba and Florida prepare in pictures guardian
Wap Kon Jorge News Hurricane Irma battered the Turks and Caicos Islands early Friday as the fearsome Category 5
Was just thinking the same thing . Maybe they think it informs reporting on Irma's damage ? ..
NEW 2am Advisory #Irma . Non Stop coverage on #NBC6
Praying Irma changes course . As of right now the line is the predicted path of the eye ... the blue dot is my house
When u go on twitter to check on irma and you can only find news about an earthquake and some tsunamis lmao mother nature is so pissed
#ReachBurmaEmbassy #PakDefenceDay Foreign Minister AbbTakk Headlines Hurricane Irma 2017 9 8 12 02 PKT
That's great unno their saying Irma is sexist and racist right ? Liberalism is a mental disorder
Hurricane Irma No such thing as a category six storm
Hurricane Harvey was deadly and Hurricane Irma has the potential to be catastrophic . How does 2017 compare to ...
These Presidents are bringing America Together ! Bringing back Unity of our People ! Reminding Us that We are One N
are these supposed to be national flags ?
Some Senators voted against relief funds for Hurricane Harvey . Among them is Graham from SC in the path of Irma . Get fucked Graham .
If im goin out im goin out with a blunt in my hand playin smash at the bando . #GPSG #hurricaneirma2017
The world " ahh drought need rain " Mother Nature " WELL HERE YOU GO YA UNGRATEFUL BASTARDS "
34 112 people ahead of me to order online for this got me more shook than #HurricaneIrma
Things can be replace but not lives . So please go to safe places asap . Prayer to all path of #HurricaneIrma2017 miraculous disappeared
This real live boutta be the new phrase I got soups
Hurricane Irma has already hit millions of Americans via
Uhmm ... Irma is the bigger one ...
Did you just assume the hurricanes gender ?
Bit of rain in Yorkshire this morning . Too wet to cycle . Nothing like Irma though . Stay safe .
Hurricane Irma Cuba and Florida prepare in pictures
Do u guys remember when dinosaurs became extinct ? Wondering if we're the dinosaurs now .
And call for Trump's resignation ?
What we know about Hurricane Irma facts figures forecast #DSNScience #environment
#DSTRServiceInterruption RT Updated storm track ...
World News Update Man with knife shot by police at Miami International Airport as travelers scramble to evacuate ahead of Hurricane Irma
Hurricane Irma Public Advisory Number 36A PLS RT #Hurricane #Weather #News #Miami
hurricane irma literally shatters my heart I feel so helpless
Pippa Middleton's in laws ' Eden Rock hotel in St Barts destroyed by Hurricane Irma
#HurricaneIrma On Its Way to the Bahamas as a Potentially ... Hurricane Irma #HurricaneIrma
The biggest spider I've ever seen was in my bathtub this morning and now I'm hoping for hurricane irma to make a sharp turn to England .
Bahamas ' FCP port to take another hit from #Irma ? Last year it was #Mitchell
Foreign Office emergency hotline for people affected by Hurricane Irma 020 7008 0000
RT qz " Big tech woes Hurricane Irma Jose and Katia and eight other stories you might have missed
Airbnb offering and seeking free rooms in Florida and Georgia for Hurricane Irma
Betcha not one evangelical preacher is going to blame Harvey Irma Jose and the fires on God punishing America for electing Donald Trump .
Hurricane Irma pummels Turks and Caicos islands as storm moves to Bahamas latest news
Hurricane Irma slams Turks and Caicos on path to Florida
Government criticised for slow hurricane response
Information for U . S . citizens affected by #HurricaneIrma at home and abroad . Stay safe and be prepared !
The latest The Adult Film Industry News ! Thanks to Crane #irma
Katia like that one cousin that nobody invited but shows up anyway
The latest AlltheInterweb News ! #irma #hurricaneirma
ReadersGazette RT 1harry0ne Hi all getting ready for hurricane Irma . doing some praying but putting up the shutt
More than 30 000 People have fled the wrath of Irma getting nowhere soon ! Take the back roads !
#HurricaneHarvey #HurricaneIrma unironic hierarchy
Actually terrifying ... not sure where to go ... #Irmagerd #HurricaneIrma
Irma death toll reaches 14 as people race to escape Georgia and Florida
Man with knife shot by police at Miami International Airport as travelers scramble to evacuate ahead of Hurricane Irma
#Irma headed 4US #climate #climatechange #climateaction #ClimateChangeIsReal #climatefacts #climatedenial
> ' cool ' IRMA very rapidly at least a bit ... I believe some or the Air Force planes can go ' higher ' than necessary.TIME TO DO IT
Lolita possibly in the path of Hurricane Irma . Interesting Report from Howard Garrett . Meanwhile Orca in the ...
Two sisters and a brother for #Harvey #Katia #Irma #Jose and to top it the lights may go # CME
LATEST Hurricane & storm surge warnings issued for South Florida #Irma
the wisdom
I can't sleep at all . This feels like end times . #Irma #hurricane #earthquake #fires #godhelpus
#HurricaneIrma forecast to come up the center of #Florida
Hurriane Irma Pummels Low Lying Turks And Caicos Heads To Bahamas #USRC
LOOKS MORE LIKE CARTOON STEPHEN COLBERT'S ANUS AFTER A GAY ORGY ... #COLBERTSbuttIShisBRAIN
LIVE Mexico 8.0 upgraded 8.4 earthquake compilation RARE LIGHTS seen d ... #mexicoearthquake #HurricaneIrma Nature
#CSRAwards2017 #rtept #Irma #AirfieldFoodSeries #HurricaneIrma Dundalk Pearse Station Almost 3 000 Davy Fit 63
Wonder what Lance thinks of Irma headed straight for Trumps fav place ? ? ? Whats that telling him ? ?
My thoughts & prayers are with Florida . Stay safe you guys . #irma #HurricaneIrma #HurricaneIrma2017
... Hurricane Irma is NOT those storms . If you need to evacuate but can't get fuel SFL Red Cross is helping evac just call 1 800 955 5504
Remember to spin ur fidget Spinners counter clockwise to blow away irma
This would ... not be good . #HurricaneIrma
Billionaire Branson refused to leave the Caribbean island because of a hurricane Irma
3 30AM I keep thinking how we're leaving Ft Myers tomorrow bc #Irma & the whole time we're gone we won't know if we can come back be safe
Ya think ?
Top story BBC News UK on Twitter " Your morning briefing #Irma continues de see more
Hurricane Irma and tsunami warning
itsfullofstars THE ISS OVER IRMA Photographed by Russian Cosmonaut Sergey Ryazanskiy . Ez de magas ...
#Hurricane #Irma ' It was like a #Horror movie ' ' It #Movie039 #Topstories
MapAction now sending teams to Haiti Jamaica & Antigua in response to #HurricaneIrma . For more info visit
nytimes On the islands stripped bare by Hurricane Irma I feel like Im on the moon . Theres not a single tree
#IRMA having problems finding water Buy some gallon zip lock bags & freeze them standing up.Will keep your freezer colder case power Outage
This is absolutely horrendous thoughts go out to all affected by this disaster
My goes out to all impacted #thoughts #prayers #blessings BBC News Hurricane #Irma pummels Turks & Caicos islands
Damn y'all really bout to die back home
Quebec man on Saint Martin calls Irma the most terrifying experience of his life Toronto Star
Irma got me stressing
The latest The LADY Fabrics Corp . Daily ! Thanks to #hurricaneirma #irma
Got my by goodies . I have never been so excited for a launch . This is my silver lining while waiting for #Irma .
I SEND CONSOLIDANCE TO THOSE WHO WERE AFFECTED BY THE HURRICAN IRMA MAY GOD HELP AMERICA.SORRY FOR THE DAMAGE .
My biggest concern with #HurricaneIrma is that the Irish Pikey might be tempted to rearrange the lyrics again for his Christmas dirge
guardian Hurricane Irma storm batters Haiti and Bahamas as Florida evacuates latest updates
Miami is in deadly Hurricane Irma's sights via
#NavyCapital Royal Caribbean is using a cruise ship to evacuate employees from Miami ahead of Hurricane Irma
The Dutch island Sint Maarten and Caribbean severely hit by #Irma . Apocalyptical pictures . We are united with victi
If this is true then I will believe Trump is not part of #HAARP #GeoEngineering cabal creating havoc with our planet
Life Threatening Hurricane Irma Heads for Miami Dade County
#DoomsdayAgenda two days ago . As we've been sharing the #Nazis have control over #HAARP right now and have utilized it to direct #Irma and
This is a great opportunity for all you small govt fanatics to walk the walk . Don't wait for govt handouts ! #HurricaneIrma
No let's talk about it when Florida is underwater . Catch ya later !
' Compassionate ' Leftists Hope Hurricane Irma Destroys Trumps Mar A Lago
GUN CONFISCATION ORDER for HURRICANE IRMA #Christianity
Nothing to see here folks no science needed !
Congress is expected to reach a compromise before FEMAs funding is drained .
This is adorable im in tears
Europe Edition Hurricane Irma Emmanuel Macron Brexit Your Friday Briefing Here #news
Hurricane Irma path UPDATE ' LEAVE NOW ! ' Stark florida warning Weather News Xania News #XaniaNews
Some near real time snaps from Snapchat users tonight on Snap Map ahead of Hurricane Irma . #Florida
#FreshBreakfast #Uber Sam Smith #BeBoldGoGold Mandela #RougeNewEraSessions #Nokia8 Hurricane Irma Phakamani 77
Irma heads to Florida kills 14 across Caribbean At least 14 killed as Hurricane Irma
#News CARIBBEAN HURRICANES Hurricane Irma leaves 12 dead in St . Martin Barbuda Puerto Rico
Florida Panthers Players and staff heading to Boston ahead of Hurricane Irma via
Hurricane Irma Hurricane Force Winds Probabilities Chart September 7 2017 11 PM Update National Hurricane Cent
ABC News Hurricane Irma slams Turks and Caicos on path to Florida
RT nytimes " On the islands stripped bare by Hurricane Irma I feel like Im on the moon . Theres not a single tre
Irma vs Andrew size comparison . #HurricaneIrma
#FromTheSidelines #hurricaneirma may be knocking on our door but you'd never know it from last
Ich mag das Video Hurricane Irma Destroys 90 Percent of Structures Vehicles on Barbuda
People are still heading to Florida as Irma approaches Washington Post
what a terrible disaster
Believe it or not slow traffic already b t Macon & ATL w evacuees fleeing FL . I'll monitor traffic
Irma Carolinas coastal Georgia going on emergency footing ... #D8
Why don't ye be at least intellectually honest ye blumpkin & say what ye mean . Humans are the sole cause of errati
I really hope work closes for Irma . But that it doesn't actually do any damage . I need a " snow day " in my life right about now
Hurricane Irma storm batters Bahamas and Haiti while Florida evacuates ... via
Prepping three props n setting up to bring in 12 folks ... irma refuses 2 make up her mind ... its gonna get nutz down here
Because remember kids no one matters unless they're white !
Tracking #Irma What you need to know in markets on Friday
Devastation in the Caribbean as Hurricane Irma Heads Toward Miami
Good news ! Gas delivery just pulled up . Note no diesel here unleaded is priority #Irma #FloridaCity
thats nothing watchu mean !
Aerial photos of Hurricane Irma destruction via
god be with my family
UK government accused of ' pathetic ' lack of help for Anguillans hit by Irma
My heart goes out to those affected by Hurricane Irma in the wake of devastation along with the earthquake off the coast of Mexico !
Miami Is in Deadly Hurricane Irma's Sights
Splash of ice in someone's glass at the 19th .. Trump awards himself flood damages .. Irma
Katic Praying for all in the path of #HurricaneIrma Please know our thoughts are with you and take heed to
Whats in the path of Hurricane Irma
RT DileneNbeta " RT nytimes " On the islands stripped bare by Hurricane Irma I feel like Im on the moon . Ther
Hurricane Irma tracker watch path of storm live
Irma Jose and now Katia What on earth is going on and how often does this happen ? Katia #Katia
Check list to help people with diabetes prepare for Hurricane Irma #health
Looks like 2018 will be a good time to start a property reinsurer b c most operating today are likely to go busto w Harvey Irma
Latest track with Hurricane Irma . Southern Florida & Florida Keys under hurricane & storm surge warnings . CR
Hurricane Irma Cuba evacuates 700 000 people from northeastern coast ..
GuyKawasaki > International Space Station passes over Hurricane Irma Guy Kawasaki Gu
UK slow response to Hurricane Irma called ' pathetic ' as military sent to aid British citizens # via
Almost 8 hours old from the time of my RT but a timeless photo none the less . Science has helped save many . #Irma
She's a BEAST ! !
Those in the path of Irma need to take immediate and urgent steps to protect themselves .
SAA puts contingency plan in place for Irma affected passengers
#HurricaneIrma Comcast Opens 137 000 Wifi Hotspots 4 Non Customers at Go 2 State Website for Evacuation Routes ! RT
Hurricane Irma Forecast Discussion Number 36
IRMA IS A SIGN TO GET RIGHT WITH GOD AMTV #GabFam #MAGA #News #auspol #SpeakFreely #TeaParty #Brea ...
Aprs Harvey Irma et Katia voici l'ouragan Jos . a va se transformer en gang bang tout a .
If you can't evacuate BE SURE 2 STOCK UP ON WATER fill up tubs sinks pots .. Batteries canned food CAN OPENER
Hurricane Irma tracker watch path of storm live Telegraph
#earthquake #HurricaneIrma #wildfires since the beginning of the eclipse the world has witnessed the worst
Pro surfer 16 dies trying to catch monster Hurricane Irma wave via
The race to flee Hurricane Irma became a marathon nightmare as more than 500K were ordered to leave South Florida
Now #Irma is tracking East again ? This is getting confusing . I'm tired of Irma .
Wonder how much of the looting thats taking place can be blamed on #brexit ? Or is it shush dont mention looting time ? #MSM #r4today #Irma
These are very scary times . Be vigilant . Be safe . Look out for your neighbors .
Thanks . Already many islands Barbuda etc . have been devastated by IRMA in pas
Anyone evacuating irma are assholes . Nothing significant will happen . Real talk .
Please God No BackOffMyDaddy #Irma
Thursday Irma 11 a . m . update
Why won't God Bless America ?
Best you go and chat with your fellow GOPers who are nothing more than a collection of belligerent climate change
Hurricane Irma Amos 8 Solar Eclipse Bible Code Revisit via
Today's The Alternative Daily Global News Stories via #irma #ai
Fox news guy . This was as impressive weather demonstration I have ever seen and he's not a weather guy . #Irma
#UPDATE British territory ' pummelled ' as #HurricaneIrma continues trail of destruction
Elderly couple Harvey and Irma amazed by namesake hurricanes after 75 years of marriage #Irma #Harvey
#HurricaneIrma FL Peeps ! Locations all over State . 2 in Ocala 1 in G'ville . Plz only use if necessary !
It's starting to kick off in the Bahamas Live Cam with Sound . #HurricaneIrma #Irma
this is scary
FEMA is about to run out of money and Irma hasn't even hit yet
Barbuda In Rubbles As Irma Strikes See Attached Photos Barely weeks since Hurricane Harvey struck at the ...
Wow this gives me chills ! Praying for everyone in #HurricaneIrma's path
Only 1 direction to flee hurricane #Irma #Florida #USA
#Heartbroken " British Virgin Islands Governor Gus Jaspert has delivered a recorded message to the territory after Hurricane Irma .
For the first time this pic of 3 hurricanes lined up in the Atlantic #HurricaneIrma #HurricaneHarvey #hurricanekatia
Congress If Trump has to make another deal with the devil to get help for IRMA vics like he had to with Harvey you all suck & you're fired !
Mad how 3 hurricanes come in a row and their names are in alphabetical order Harvey Irma and Jose almost like someone planned it . Trump ?
UNIQUE ARTICLE CREATOR #jobs SEO Tips Who Is Alan Sealls ? Hurricanes Irma J
Here's how big Hurricane Irma is compared to Florida
Good luck and stay safe
Irma left massive damage in its wake as it headed toward Florida where it may hit Miami this weekend
A look at the Caribbean islands Hurricane Irma is turning into a checkerboard of disaster
Gov Rick Scott Pledge No Immigration Screenings for People Fleeing Hurricane Irma #care2 Please sign RT & #share
The latest African News ! #irma
As nobody knows how Jesuit black poop FRANSHIT is going to have HAARP steered ... methinks Irma shall run right up ...
Why did you cancel the Friday services ? You let people down after advising the services
Now that's what you call a bullseye . #wow #Irma #HurricaneIrma
Your job is fantastic ... I love It . I love every thing about fresh and salt Fish . I love your percula . Good luck with Irma .
Best of luck to them ...
Hurricane Irma 24x7 Live Feed AMTV #GabFam #MAGA #News #auspol #SpeakFreely #TeaParty #Breaking # F ...
Irma could ' catastrophically devastate ' Florida governor warns CNN
Shah calls for no discussion of Hurricane Irma ... Sorry that was meant to say Muslim r
I bet #HAARP felt successful about this
#NavyCapital Satellite image shows Hurricanes Irma Jose and Katia in one powerful portrait
Just talked to a woman from Jacksonville who says the traffic here on I 75 is " insane " . Says her normal 3.45 hr trip will now take 6 . #Irma
Not looking good . Stay safe out there y'all .
Track over Florida continues to become the most likely scenario this morning . #Irma #chswx
Travel Thursday When An Undesirable Woman Comes To Town You Leave . F . U . Irma .
not playing w Irma . shorty rey take a sharp turn and not hit florida . once again everything w a name must bow down to the name of Jesus . OH
Hurricane Irma poses a bigger menace to power supplies in Florida than Hurricane Harvey did in Texas because Irma ...
Some goody ass wind named #irma tryna pull up on us lets show Irma when it comes that we shoot first
A special thought to the victims of hurricane harvey and Irma
Latest How Floridians are bracing for Irmas impact
Pretty sure we've got the edge of hurricane Irma here in Jersey this morning
Wild picture of Barbuda in center of Irma's eye .
CNN 12 50am Four people killed in the U . 8 . Virgin Islands . . HURRICANE IRMA ' WIND SPEED STORM MOVING . ATFGnDV I l 1 ...
The latest The Vander R . Loto Daily ! Thanks to #irma #g1
MONEY Price gouging is already an issue in Florida as Hurricane Irma draws near
Harvey Irma Katia jose most of the US burning 8.1 earthquake in Mexico with potential tsunami waves .
This list should have started with Trump .
Military aid after Hurricane #Irma is under way . #RoyalNavy sends helicopter carrier HMS Ocean in the direction of British Virgin Islands .
Repent I say repent ! Father please forgive us for our sins ! ! ! #Irma
#earthquake in Mexico #HurricaneIrma2017 is all over the East Coast #wildfires burning down the whole West Coast floods all over Texas WTH
The latest CRC CHRONICLES ! #hurricaneirma #leadership
Accuracy and verifiability of & weather forecasts . #HurricaneIrma
Monster Hurricane #Irma sat measurements show it larger than the state of Florida is long #TCOT #MAGA
Hurricane Irma Hurricane and storm surge warning issued for south Florida via
Listening to my brother talking about evacuating their home because of hurricane . Stay safe . x
16 hours of driving down . 6 to go as long as traffic keeps moving . Absolutely terrifying watching videos of #HurricaneIrma so far .
How very advanced " we Europeans " are . NOT
great to see #RAF assistance heading to #Caribbean helping people affected by #hurricaneirmaIrma
At least Billionaire Branson can probably afford to rebuild ...
Obsessively watching this bitch #HurricaneIrma on the news ... and praying .
Hurricane Irma kills 9 in Caribbean islands as Florida awaits storm CNN
#HurricaneJose to follow #Irma . The #earthquake in Mexico . Civil wars wracking multiple nations . Trump's racist age
Well played China hacking weather satellites to perpetuate the Global Warming hoax by Photoshopping in 2 hurricane
Dumping the #ParisAgreement ... Not nice to fool with Mother Nature .
#ranNFL in #drp17 w o #Irma and enjoy #scubadiving
Deadly Hurricane Irma tears path through Caribbean as Florida evacuates The Telegraph
Since I'm up I'm going to talk about #HurricaneIrma in case someone may see it that is undecided about leaving Miami today . Thread
Latest forecasted track is taking Irma right into S Florida late this weekend .
Not a fan of Delta but a fan of humanitarianism and the 744 .
No work for my Birthday # 9 11 #LadyVirgo
BBC news NASA shares video of Hurricane Irma viewed from space . Abp news Aaiye jaante hai ram rahim ki gufa ka sach .
Join in prayer ! Please pray for our protection ! We need every prayer we can get ! #IrmaHurricane2017 #hurricaneirma
Stay safe . Thoughts with you from Australia . #HurricaneIrma
Hurricane Irma RGB Image GIF September 8 2017 3 45 AM Update National Hurricane Center
Latest track out this morning . Big change from yesterday just one landfall for U . S . #irma #upwithKDKA
Legit . The world is ending . Between this and half the west coast being covered in smoke and ash and fires .
Irma could ' catastrophically devastate ' Florida governor CNN
#Biosphere hits back #Wildfires #HurricaneHarvey #HurricaneIrma #HurricaneJose #HurricaneKatia
HURRICANE IRMA by We will be evacuating ... Praying for the Safety of all ...
#NEWS #WORLD Irma could ' catastrophically devastate ' Florida governor warns Hurricane Irma a Category 5 storm
Hurricane Irma is making me nervous apparently it's faster than any other storm in history . Including Katrina .
Barbuda won't be able to recover as easily as Florida will please please donate
The latest The Vyan Daily ! Thanks to luver #maga #irma
Miami Marlins Begin Road Trip as Irma Bears Down on Florida by THE ASSOCIATED PRESS via NYT
Patronising Tory tosser
Irma Update Thursday 11 p . m .
cosplay booties Stella Chuu as Irma Queens Blade
Hurricane Irma flattens homes and causes power outages in the Caribbean . via
Branson upset that private island is devastated by hurricane partly precipitated by global warming . Oh the irony .
Statement attributable to the Spokesman for the Secretary General on Hurricane Irma
The caribbean right now Irma Katia & Jose compared to 2010
I imagine there will not be many babies named Irma in the years to come . The name is practically gone with the wind .
Thoughts are with my friends and colleagues in #BVI after #hurricaneirma2017 I hope you are all safe and unhurt .
I liked a video Trump Waffles on DACA Responds to Hurricane Irma A Closer Look
Nah I'm not getting that up north there's a shitload of smoke in the air from the wildfires but we have no hurrica
I rode out Andrew in LA . Terrifying . But Irma is so big covers both coasts of FL 2 3rds of SC ... where to even ru
Is Hurricane Irma the Big One Florida has dreaded ?
Just IN EYE OF IRMA IS PASSING JUST NORTH OF GREAT INAGUA ISLAND #HurricaneIrma #TheBahamas
When you're trying to sleep in Florida but all you can think about is this . #HurricaneIrma #HurricaneRick
Quebecer recounts surviving Irma on Saint Martin via Justin's thinking ! That will help .
Why do today what you can put off ' till tomorrow
The British government of Anguilla says that Irma left the island badly damaged . Some buildings are destroyed
Ooo my ... praying for all ! !
Wishing all my colleagues on the am shift safe reporting as we cover hurricane #Irma sanika whitney Alex
First hurricane warnings issued for South Florida as Irma approaches ABC News kyttjlt
First responders American Red Cross volunteers head to Florida for #HurricaneIrma
Hurricane Irma Maintains Category 5 Wind Speeds as Florida Braces for Impact
Irma and Harvey should kill any doubt that climate change is real Washington Post
#art PUMMELS IRMA artblogs #beyondCODE #codedimagesbyrevad
Hurricane Irma slams Turks and Caicos on path to Florida Hurricane Irma battered the Turks and Caicos Islands ...
Irma devastates world famous St . Martin airport
Dat inderdaad . Why Hurricane Irma Could Hurt a Lot Much Lies in Harms Way
Yo who told Irma about our hurricane party she's not invited #hurricaneirma
Hurricane Irma expected to reach Florida Sunday morning Al Roker says via
Ireland Looking for Post Brexit Power Read the full story #ireland #brexit #eu #europe
The latest CLNS Radio Podcast Network News ! Thanks to #irma #ai
The latest The Justin Gibson Daily ! Thanks to takes #tisl #irma
#Terrifying #Beauty stay safe everyone in the path of #Irma . amazing footage Astronauts
At least earthquakes are not caused by #climatechange ..
Mexican earthquake is the strongest in 100 years Hurricane Irma strongest winds ever for an Atlantic Ocean hurricane
Big's News Irma left massive damage in its wake as it headed toward Florida where it may hit Miami this weeke ...
Mexico with an 8.0 magnitude earthquake . Hurricane Harvey in Houston . Florida evacuated from Hurricane Irma .
You voted against the relief package for Texas ? bec u didn't like the 3 month ceiling debt ? Tell that to SC when Irma hits .
Turks & amp ; Caicos Bahamas brace for Hurricane Irma #ICYMI
Gran Coto Check for available charging stations . That's one way people c
Breaking Hurricane Irma likely to be far worse than monster Andrew
Floridians jam highways to evactuate #HurricaneIrma
Great attitude to have I hope Irma listens and you all are safe . My dad is in Micco .
Irma Harvey Jose Katia Could this be the costliest year ever ? via
New Pictures Show Damage By Hurricane Irma . #HurricaneIRMA #IRMAHurricane #Florida
Airlines accused of charging Irma evacuees skyhigh prices . #TODAY
Devastation in the Caribbean as Hurricane Irma Heads Toward Miami New York Times
This is striking . Hoping the most vulnerable can make it to safety in the days ahead and then have support to rebu
... cleansing of the now dirtied poisoned world ... soon
Heres How Hurricane Irma Might Impact Your Travel Plans via
#PrincessJulianaInternationalAirport is where people would grip fence Plane Engines would life them off ground .
Orange Juice Jumps as Irma Threatens Floridas Crop GREAT EXPLAINER WATCH
Traffic nightmare as over half a million people told to leave South Florida race to flee Hurricane Irma became ...
The latest Daily News from Murat Bozkurt ! Thanks to #aktuell #hurricaneirma
#HurricaneIrma victims need your help explains how to support organisations helping those affected
Hurricane Irma Universal calls off second night of Rock the Universe
British Virgin Islands pleads for Hurricane Irma aid as UK criticised over slow response
Obviously a shit hurricane Irma joke here somewhere
I liked a video South Florida in Hurricane Irma's bullseye
This is very scary .
Check out the South Florida Hurricane Irma channel on Zello
Hurricane Irma path update Irma track to hit Bahamas Cuba Florida 14 dead 25ft waves
People planning to stay put for Irma via
He really is the biggest idiot . Forsure paid ppl with his " small " loan to run his companies . No way anything intell
We stood strong through Andrew & Wilma .. we gon still stand after Irma
in yo face
While Irma will hit the US hurricane Jose may prefer to vanish in the Atlantic . Lets see . via
Hurricane Irma is size of Texas shows up on earthquake monitors
Arizona rescue unit going to Georgia for Irma aftermath Local ... Arizona Daily Sun
Hurricane Irma leaves trail of death destruction in Caribbean #XaniaTube
Hurricane Irma Mandatory evacuations ordered south of Lake ..
4 Worst Threats To South Florida From Hurricane Irma
Hurricane Irma path Storm on track to cause devastation to Florida and Cuba Daily Star
#HurricaneIrma answering questions & trying to keep folks calm
Hurricane Irma St Martin before and after BBC News #XaniaTube
Weekly Cigar News Sampler Cigar Producing Areas Brace for Irma Cigar Makers Help in the Wake of Harvey and More
ignore these pathetic insults we in Britain are receiving the same in why we can not stand in the way of IRMA
Catch on the overnight response to Hurricane Irma and other Caribbean news #Caribbean #Britain #Trump #EngvWI
We're watching #Irma around the clock on . We have live team coverage from 5 7 on The Morning News . Stay informed stay safe .
reported death as Hurricane Irma hits Caribbean
#IRMA Dear All We are expected to be stricken by IRMA roughly around Sunday and Monday . So far we have the ...
RT maryanntierney FEMAregion 3 VDEM WVDHSEM MDMEMA DelawareEMA ReadyPA monitoring #irma visit for prep
Irma has potential to ' catastrophically devastate ' Florida governor says
Floridas Two Nuclear Plants to Shut Down as State Braces for Hurricane Irma
Andrew was so bad it convinced my dad he was going to die while trying to ride it out in his house . In all seriousn
' theorise ' this
Aloha Would it be possible to do a comparison shot of C5 Hurricane Iniki Kauai 1992 to #Irma ? Mahalo ! !
Just a few more hours to try to get out of #Irma's pah or get to the State Shelters .
The latest The Melbourne Tours Daily ! #irma #smallbiz
A lovely story to come out of such devastation
Florida Gov . Rick Scott closing all public schools to prepare for Irma
Perfect case study of why it's so dangerous to actively subvert destabilize or discredit the Institution of the Pr
he said what
Florida Cuba brace for wrath of Hurricane Irma #news #usa #headline by
Really hoping she weakens significantly by the time she gets there .
Residents all across Florida are fleeing for their lives as the destructive Irma is on its way . But now these ...
WATCH Trump says ' very concerned ' about Hurricane Irma #BeFullyInformed
Your Daily News from Christopher Hyde is here ! Thanks to #irma #hurricaneirma
yo its really a wrap for florida . i hope everyone is able to evacuate
Waiting for Irma #IoT #AI #Marketing
BREAKING Hurricane Irma damage on French islands estimated at 200m Punch Newspapers
Wow to be in space and see that I don't like heights but this is amazing
Getting a haircut later gotta look good when Irma slide thru
The latest Global News Feed ! #hurricaneirma #media
LiveUpdates Dutch Troops Begin Unloading Aid On #StMaarten . #HurricaneIrma #Irma #Irma2017
Following Harvey we now have Katia Irma and Jose queuing up with Irma ...
i'm using irma as a thot excuse
Barbuda on my mind . #climatechange #Barbuda Keeping Barbuda and the people there in my thoughts . and Puerto Rico . a
Oh gosh . I'll pray for all who are in the path of #HurricaineIrma especially that they get to safety before the s
WLTX Police involved shooting at Miami airport confirmed as evacuees flee Irma
A local news cameraman was shooting footage in Nagua Dominican Republic when #Irma's waves almost took him down
Man Shot By Police at Miami International Airport as Evacuations Are Underway for Hurricane Irma
ocean And why didn't Ocean leave a week ago ? Irma was actually pr
Who gives a fuck ? ? ? People are dying
WHY IS SOMEONE AN ADMINISTRATOR FOR THE EPA WHO DOESNT GIVE A FUCKING SHIT ABOUT THE ENVIRONMENT ? ! ? ! ? !
We should start heading inland towards China's abound apartment complexes .
don't forget to give us some news because i'm sure we all worried because of Irma . Please stay safe !
OccuWorld Arecibo Survives Hurricane Irma 2nd Largest Radio Telescope Still Standing
Such a shame if you want to leave Miami airport closed due to Irma to Italy you have to pay these increased tic
Daily Briefing German warning on ECB baby steps BCC cuts UK growth forecast Traders wary over Irma N . Korea
. on #Periscope Frigate bay St kitts as Irma passes by was spared her full wrath on Wednesday 9 7 17 .
Delta flight goes viral after pilot flies directly into Hurricane Irma
Major Damage done by Category 5 Hurricane Irma . via
#HurricaineIrma #Irma2017 Me when someone yells " IRMA ! " ...
Cops shoot man ' wielding knife ' at Miami Airport during Hurricane Irma Florida evacuation #news
The possibility of ' major impact ' on Florida has increased . Here are the latest updates on Hurricane Irma
Hurricane Irma St Martin before and after BBC News via
Of course this isn't the time . These storms droughts heat fires are just a hoax invented by the Chinese to crippl
Thinking of everyone in the path of Irma .
Well that's the Tories for you . Head up their own backsides only interested in themselves blinkered & unable to
As travelers flee Hurricane Irma police shoot man on tarmac at Miami airport
Jose is with you ? Or you love Irma more ? !
NEWS As Irma approaches some airlines cap fares and add seats Los Angeles Times
Strengthening measures in #Cuba to face #HurricaneIrma effects #Japan
Rough play
#Hurricane #Irma is now at 186mph according to our friends near Florida . Prayers pls ! feeling concerned
White House needs to be rebranded as the Garbage House . This administration is rancid vile .
Did U notice there R a few other disasters going on ? Hurricanes Harvey & Irma . Massive MT ID W
GIRO 5125 NEDERLAND #Hurricane #Irma on #SintMaarten #SaintMartin DONEER
The failure of the govt to address the crisis of #climatechange dooms our children
Hurricane Irma batters Caribbean islands as Jose upgraded to category three
These cruise ship passengers are sailing away from Irma
Life imitating film ... #Geoengineering #Irma #hurricaneirma2017
As #HurricaneIrma takes aim at part of the #Bahamas . Here's a look at the impact in #DominicanRepublic .
Some workers risk being fired if they evacuate for Hurricane Irma via
Our thoughts this morning are with everyone caught up in or in the path of Hurricane #Irma and their families .
Irma evacuee unable to board flight with dog #Albuquerque
Thousands ' refusing to shelter ' from Irma on French islands #news
Irma Local brewery offers free filtered water
The newest models show Irma making a shift that would take it deeper into Florida and across Georgia .
WATCH Category 5 Hurricane Irma's track shifts slightly west winds top 165 mph
im praying for my mom's safety because of hurriance irma
The latest The White Paper Daily ! Thanks to Actuaries #pr #irma
Could Hurricane Irma Set Off a Nuclear Meltdown in Florida ?
Just seen footage of the Virgin Islands after Hurricane Irma hit . Time for a name change coz they well and truly fucked ! #toosoon
From Spokane thats cool
The latest Namiros ! Thanks to #madrimasd #irma
#Irma could ' catastrophically devastate ' #Florida governor warns
Project to reduce the strength of HURRICANES by 50 % . #Irma
Our thoughts and prayers are with families in the Caribbeanwho have suffered at the hands of hurricane #Irma
The latest The PSiTV Daily ! Thanks to #irma #offact
The latest The com 4myst Daily ! Thanks to minus #news #irma
The latest cubandeo ! #cuba #irma
Misleading headline . It's about evacuating for #Irma . Saved you the click . #clickbait
Reporter's Notebook Two young women tell me their Irma ordeal Two young women recount their
Airways always thinking ahead ...
Captain Planet he's our hero ... y'all ain't listen and now y'all done pissed off Gaia .
France Sized Irma Pummels Turks & Caicos as Bahamas Braces #EMM
I thought Freddie Mercury died ?
So to prepare for Hurricane Irma we drove 2 hours inland and we'll be staying at my father in law's apartment in case anyone was wondering !
Fuck this bitch ass storm Irma canceled my flight and shit
Irmas main target Key Largo and she knows why
Prayers for you as you travel . Be safe ! Let us all know how you're doing . #HurricaneIrma #Florida
Taking on a hurricane surfing madness #irma #FridayFeeling
Another Irma happened
Hurricane Irma path update SHOCK WARNING for Miami ' We CAN'T SURVIVE the storm surge ' #news #weather
The hurricanes are having an orgy
Airlines refuse seat to man with dog trying to flee Hurricane Irma so hes forced to
Hurricane Irma one of the most powerful in history will be ' devastating ' for US FEMA chief
Now if a tornado could conveniently touch down on Trump Tower in Chicago & his other properties that's be nice .
Google Maps visualisiert #Irma und die anderen Hurricanes incl Warnsystem
Dluge Houston > Trump " Good Luck . " Irma en Floride > Trump " Woh putain mon golf ! envoyez l'arme bcher les greens ! NOW ! "
How Zoo Miami Will Protect Animals From Hurricane Irmas Wrath in Florida
Nothing but respect for my Presidents ...
The Real Cause Behind Hurricane Irma Science Fools ! It's the sun of course
Reuters Daily Briefing German warning on ECB baby steps BCC cuts UK growth forecast Traders wary over Irma
Mick Jagger's lips are so big they can be used as a flotation device . #HurricaneIrma
The latest The Social Hub ! #irma
AirNewsX is out ! Thanks to #avgeek #irma
At least 14 killed as Hurricane Irma smashes through string of Caribbean islands on its wa
Hurricane Irma probably gonna take me with her pero at least I got to finally Finish this
Police shoot gunman at Miami Airport during Hurricane Irma evacuation in Florida .
Wonderful that loathsome Trump is not there to spoil the picture . Well done gentlemen Presidents showing true lead
Scott Pruitt on Irma Not time to talk climate change CNN EPA chief Scott Pruitt told CNN
via Twisted Sifted #HurricaneIrma ravages Maho Beach famed for being under the flight path of an airport
Please . Florida and everyone else effected . Stay safe we all got your back . #HurricaneIrma
World leaders sat arguing about blowing each other up yet climate change is the real battle .
Delta Airlines plane flies straight into Hurricane Irma and out again World news The Guardian
Spaghetti models put Hurricane Irma near Florida this weekend CNN #Europe #Weather
The only Harvey and Irma I want to read about tbh .
Hurricane Irma Florida State Florida cancel football games
Unfortunately no significant shifts to #Irma track overnight . Cat 4 or 5 landfall South Florida in 48 hrs .
You own an airline . Your 747s burn a gallon of fuel every 0.8 secs . #VirtueSignalling
Support I want to temporarily change my region to Virginia while fleeing Hurricane Irma . Is that a possibility ? Thanks .
He's a dumbass to stay out during a category 5 storm
Video of people having to leave terminal after police shot man with knife at #Miami airport last night . Terrible ti
Hurricane Irma Sun unleashes most powerful
Pray for Florida ! We need your prayers ! #IrmaHurricane2017 #HurricaneIrma
How colleges are keeping students safe from Hurricane Irma Today Colleges and
Hispaniola Turks and Caicos next in line for Irmas wrath AWESOME STORM Scary Shit .. GO AWAY IRMA
A mandatory evacuation has been issued to #Florida Keys as #HurricameIrma approached . #Irma #FLPrepares
Remember clear your browser history before the hurricane strikes . #hurricaneirma #HurricaneJose #hurricanewatch
where in the world are you ? ... Asking for a friend ... maybe ... #Irma #hurricane #CentralFL
#Irma and #Harvey kill any doubt that #climatechange is real ! #ActionTime !
Will Zello work without phone internet service during Irma ? What to know about the walkie talkie app via Times
Delta Flight Escapes Between Bands of Hurricane Irma
Andrea Bocelli The Lord's Prayer . via " TO ALL THOSE IN THE PATHWAY OF IRMA "
Building lost a whole lot of windows trailers flipped Hurricane Irma hits British Virgin Islands
#Irma's projected path shifts west ; Florida more firmly in crosshairs
CNN Mass exodus from Florida ahead of Hurricane Irma leads to fuel shortages and long lines at airports
We should be naming these hurricanes after Exxon and Chevron #ClimateChange #cdnpoli #p2 #tcot #gop #Irma #Harvey
What about heeding the advice of scientists ? #climatechange
Irma left massive damage in its wake as it headed toward Florida where it may hit Miami
Last night 2am waiting for #HurricaneIrma downloaded & looped new record #TooGoodAtGoodBye . I hope this i
She's turned the weans against us etc
RT CNN " Mass exodus from Florida ahead of Hurricane Irma leads to fuel shortages and long lines at airports
praying for all in Irma's path ! Have good artist friend in Palm Beach Gardens . Pray
#Suena Crazy Design Ft . Liro Shaq Tembeleke Q7S #AlertaHuracan #Irma
trying to raise awareness for the British Virgin Islands completely devastated by #HurricaneIrma peop
President Trumps and Richard Bransons Caribbean homes destroyed by Hurricane Irma via
UK boosts aid budget for Irma sends two warships by RO Water Filter
Retweeted indy 100 While the world focuses on Irma floods have killed over 1000 people in Nigeria ...
Deadly Hurricane Irma tears path through Caribbean as Florida evacuates
Georgia convenience stores brace for Hurricane Irma's impact on gas supply
Sint Maarten Holiday Resort Badly Damaged by Hurricane Irma . Credit Facebook La Vista Resort via Storyful
At least we know MaraLago will get it as hard as the rest of us ..
GIRO 5125 NEDERLAND #Hurricane #Irma on #SintMaarten #SaintMartin DONEER via Rode Kruis Website
it looks like nuclear boomb hit this city in the caribbean Hurricane Irma Tortola 2017
Don't say that too the evangelicals they think God is punishing us for having LGBTQ people on the planet their fuc
f irma i'm in the surge zone now
Because we all matter #action counts ! ! ! I NY . AEP
Relatives has sent me some photos of the impact of #andrew on them Now comes #irma
#PipsHub Breaking Mass exodus from Florida ahead of Hurricane Irma leads to fuel shortages and long lines at airp
I encourage Irma to destroy Mar A Lago ! America approved this message . Thanks ! Covfefe and stuff .
Irma powers toward Florida leaving behind path of death destruction
Eye of #Irma
hope he has no plans on claiming insurance for his gold covered loo
can we talk about climate change after Irma ? #IrmaHurricane2017 #Florida #Georgia #Cop21
Solar Eclipse Hurricane Harvey Irma Are The Signs of End Time Prophecy ?
#LiteracyDay #MTBWorlds #Irma #SuperRound #ICTAwardNight Bern Africa Startupticker HFR News Blick 75
#FreshBreakfast #ORTambo100 #NEDLAC #InfluentialFridays #TooGoodAtGoodbyes Sam Smith Mandela Hurricane Irma 35
I'm not sure whether to be honoured or feel ashamed that a Break Your Own News thing has hit Snopes
Hurricane Irma Tears Through the Caribbean
LoL ask me that after Irma
Airlines race to get people out before Hurricane hits via
Pilot who flew straight into the eye of Hurricane Irma reveals why he did it Independent
Record Hurricane #Irma Record flooding rainfall from hurricane #Harvey Record heat with unprecedented wildfires Now Record #earthquake
Friends in the path of Hurricane Irma important info to help keep you and your horses safe ...
IWCP VIDEO Isle of Wight couple caught in Hurricane Irma
Prolly the wave Raymudo told Auto not to ride ...
Irma hurricane batters Bahamas and Haiti as Florida evacuates latest updates
While I hope no more people are hurt doesn't this seem like when the planet fought back in the movie Avatar ?
Hurricane Irma slams into Trumps $ 17M vacation home via
Devastating pictures keep coming in of damage from #HurricaneIrma in the Leeward Islands and Virgin Islands .
Resistance Antifa need to show will not be bossed by Trump & immediately go to Miami to protest . Also S Beach has c
Irma Friday Morning ...
Irma powers toward Florida leaving behind path of death destruction Reuters
All these people getting angry at others for not evacuating from Irma stop ! Unless they are under mandatory it is their choice !
The latest Energy Systems of America Report ! Thanks to #solar #hurricaneirma
O look an Evil Socialist country helping those in need ! Nothing to see here people .
BREAKING Police shoot gunman at Miami Airport during Hurricane Irma evacuation .
RT Have you included pets in your natural disaster plan ? #HurricaneIrma #naturaldisasters RT
The latest The flywellegypt Daily ! Thanks to #irma #travel
The eye of the storm Irma hit Anguilla and . AI domain registrations and management are still offline . Check back in a few hours for updates .
Not at all . Y is she staying in Miami ? Everybody is relocating BC of Irma .
The jaw dropping story of a Delta Airlines plane which flew through Hurricane Irma
Gah this is a terrifying alert
Airline seats disappearing as Irma approaches Florida
Irma ni macam taufan hidup orang predicted eye wall irma akan expanding and weakening tapi eye wall dia tak expand but re organizing O
. #MTVHottest Fifth Harmony . As qued boulevard de Repblica Dominicana tras el huracn Irma
Florida AG Calls Out Chevron Why Are You Gouging Customers in Irma's Path ? Fox News Insider
Will THREE major hurricanes force Trump to think again on climate change ?
#Hurricane Irma Eye of the storm passes Hispaniola # #nasa
The latest Journal doc cldp 52 ! Thanks to 18 #irma #digital
We are closely monitoring Hurricane Irma's path & its potential impact to our sailings . For the latest updates vis
Hurricane Irma Former Presidents launch ' One America Appeal ' Trump endorses campaign
Construction sites and cranes pose threat to Miami residents in Hurricane Irma's path
Good morning #LazeReggae warriors ! Praying for our fans across the Caribbean #HurricaneIrma LIVE #wgRADIO
Irma powers toward Florida leaving behind path of death destruction Via #Reuters #news #USA
New Irma powers toward Florida leaving behind path of death destruction
Hurricane Irma related developments Updates on schools gas state closures
Viewer from Turks and Caicos hospital in Grand Turk lost roof people evacuated from one shelter to another mid storm #hurricaneirma
Qui Radio Londra Irma powers toward Florida leaving behind path of death destruction
Hurricane Irma Airport plans between Sep 7 and 17
Morning belated look at Friday's front pages incl Irma and George making their mark
Canadian Trying to survive hurricane Irma
The latest GeB le Journal ! Thanks to UNGeneva #irma #adelaide
How massive Hurricane Irma compares with other deadly storms #TODAY
#HurricaneIrma . I've a friend personally affected . She's ok but everything gone . I'm collecting #Babyclothes .
Factbox Trump on Twitter September 7 Sheikh Sabah Hurricane Irma DACA
Hurricane Irma continues on a collision course with Miami after devastation in the Caribbean
Offically give up with humanity when I hear a woman try to say the weather in London is getting as bad as Irma ...
Not as big as Jose which is pretty much following same path as Irma just in case there were any buildings left standing ...
' We huddled in the basement as the wind blasted through the upstairs ' Simon Cross on the moment #Irma hit the British Virgin Islands
There's a lot of superlatives about Irma but " still expected to be a tropical storm in Knoxville " is bonkers .
Pinellas issues Hurricane Irma evacuation orders
Damn this is serious . But who dishes out these names
The latest The davidberens Daily ! Thanks to #usa #irma
Hurricane Irma slams Turks and Caicos on path to Florida via musmanuttra
You have to wonder sometimes ...
Hurricane Irma slams Turks and Caicos on path to Florida via FOX NEWS
Irma powers towards Florida leaving behind path of death destruction
The latest El diario de ! Thanks to #irma #sp vintage
The latest The readitinbooks Daily ! Thanks to #bookreview #hurricaneirma
#Impeach #ImpeachTrump #Resist Hurricane Irma could ' catastrophically devastate ' Florida governor warns
Irma could hit Florida home insurer Citizens Property with a huge blow as landfall approaches
Irma could ' catastrophically devastate ' Florida governor warns
Hurricane Irma could ' catastrophically devastate ' Florida governor warns CNN
RT CNN Hurricane Irma could ' catastrophically devastate ' Florida governor warns
Hurricane Irma could create one of the largest mass evacuations in US history USA TODAY
Irma's deadly passage batters Caribbean 12 dead deadly passage batters Caribbean 12 dead
Harvey Irma and now a Magnitude 8 Earthquake in Mexico . Maybe this climate change issue IS real ?
If you are praying for ' s home in #MaraLago please retweet . #HurricaneIrma
absolutely evil
Hurricane Irma slams Turks and Caicos on path to Florida via FOX NEWS Site
Muslims cheer Hurricane Irma May Allah drown the enemies of Islam and force them into their knees subdued
Pregnant British woman and her sister both found safe on Irma struck island after losing contact with family while
Animals from Irma Thats what the Atlanta Humane Society received late last night . They say 84 came in from Florida .
BREAKING Hurricane Irma ; Two persons confirmed dead in Puerto Rico
jaimeotero Hurricane Irma continues on a collision course with Miami after devastation in the Caribbean RT
Just woke up to Solar X Waves and 8 . Earthquake off of Mexico Irma will making landfall today . Tolec mentioned ...
Despite Venezuelas severe humanitarian crisis government sends aid to hurricane Irma Struck Antigua and Barbuda .
Hurricane Irma ' Pummels ' Low Lying Turks And Caicos As It Heads To Bahamas
I'm sorry athens where ? nope
That being said it's crazy seeing that that earthquake rocked Central American countries too . Also all the Irma snaps are insane
Miami Officials Avoid Staying Near Construction Cranes If Irma Hits Watch Now
GFS OP midnight run still suggests a south Florida impact of #Irma .. keep up to date with Atlantic
THIS IS NOT FROM IRMA . PSA . THIS INFORMATION IS FALSE .
Hurricane Irma's Forecasted Florida Path Revealed Based On The GEM Hurricane Forecast Model via
Pls help and donate
The Bahamas braces for Hurricane Irma #ClipTrends #VideoTrends #News Politics #5568636824001 #Americasnews
Powerful And Deadly Hurricane Warning In Effect For Parts Of Florida As People Evacuate Ahead Of Irma CBS New
apps If you are on such good terms with God ask him not to send #irma in the first place
look at the pixellation on the borders of their " ball " earth more scammery of course
We've got plenty of time IF and that's a big IF Irma does effect us it will be significantly weaker .
Andrew didn't effect us at all here Irma will . So many Northern routes out of G'ville are nearby I 75
At this rate those names will forever be retired .
USA be naming their natural disaster sweet names ... Eg hurricane irma Our own still remains buhari
#Irma hits the Caribbean in pictures
A close up look at #Irma last night as the sun set in the Atlantic via #GOES16 .
A Florida #MVP he had to be evacuated himself for Irma created an #Azure website with emergency info around Irma
And i didnt hear anything about those hurricanes irma is a big one and harvey was devastating too
The latest The bstat Daily ! Thanks to WWP #tiff17 #hurricaneirma
giant evil whirlpool irma could ' catastrophically devastate ' florida governor warns
Marietta family stranded couple's plans canceled in Caribbean due to Irma #Atlanta
Pro surfer 16 dies catching wave during Hurricane Irma #Sacramento
The latest The Yellowpin Daily ! #irma #lovesosoft
Power outage forecast ..
Reuters Irma powers toward Florida leaving behind path of death destruction
Hugo ' 89 Folly Beach ... 11 ft surge 107mph recorded wind a mere shadow of Irma winds
Sint Maarten aid effort starts after Irma with a second hurricane on its way
The Armageddon
#tsunami warning After #hurricaneirma2017 Shocking earthquake hit Mexico Magnitude 8.0
Irma poses a serious threat to Miami fingers crossed she changes course and tracks off the coast ...
This guy .
People bitchin ' about Trump's tweets about Irma . How about taking the moral high ground and saying something positive yourself ?
You're right Pruitt . The time to talk about climate change was every day for the past 10 years . But now is the tim
The latest Kristie's Daily News ! #hurricaneirma #brexit
Irma looms as mythical Big One #Florida long feared
What's got me most twisted about Irma is the gym isn't open . Do you know what'll keep you safe in a hurricane ? ? ? G A I N S
Hurricane Irma Traffic nightmare as 500 000 people told to leave Florida via
#Irma #StBarth #StMartin Pour l'appel aux dons Puff Daddy Beyonc Jessica Alba Hallyday Alessandra Sublet Vuitton C
In Barbados luckily not . But we weren't in the path
Investors in catastrophe bonds flee Irma fury via #currencyfreed
First Texas now Florida ! What's happen 2 this world ! And why all this shit happens 2 the best county in the world my 2nd home ! #HurricaneIrma
' One America Appeal ' ? ABOUT GIVING YOUR CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE RED CROSS designated for hurricane relief or $ will
#The power of unity
#Toronto #Weather Hurricane Irma brings death ' wide scale ' destruction to the Caribbean Jeremy DeHart a U . S . Air
Airbnb to waive fees for those impacted by Hurricane Irma
giiirl
Take a look around your house the things you own & then forget about them . Now look at your family & hold on to that #HurricaneIrma2017
The latest The Green Bristol Daily ! #euwithdrawalbill #irma
Longmont woman caught in Hurricane Irmas path plans to ride the tide
Atiku #HennessyVSClass #MavericksNight myro sugar Federer The Early Morning Show Hurricane Irma
Does the government have plans to set up a system for donations ? #HurricaneIrma
These apps are dominating because of Hurricane Irma Mashable
Andrew was a monster ; Irma could blow it out of the water
What happens if Irma hits and everyone is stuck on the roads ? Your death count shoots straight up .
Just found out what to name my future 3 kids #irma #katia #jose instead of #harvey
Storm track Metro Atlanta to take a direct hit from Hurricane Irma WSB Atlanta #ATL
#British #Holidaymakers caught #Hurricane Irma mayhem
#Irma powers toward Florida leaving behind path of death destruction #News #news today
#HurricaneIrma Claims 14 Lives As It Thunders Towards #Florida . #Irma #Irma2017 #Barbuda #StMaarten
#NPFLFinalDay17 The Early Morning Show Hurricane Irma Ckay Venus 2017 9 8 09 34 WAT #trndnl
Irma's path has changed ! A local expert with experience at the National Hurricane Center joins us at 5 a . m . and 6 ...
Vincent Janssen The National AkzoNobel Fatima Elatik #dagvandescheiding #herfst Koningin Mxima #Irma #Expe 38
CNN video of in the Virginia Tech Stability Tunnel . Good luck to everyone in Florida #irma
I skipped class today because I couldn't sleep all night thinking about Hurricane Irma and now I feel like a major failure .
Cruise passengers dropped off in Miami ahead of Irma are scrambling to get out
Driving across #Texas on I 10 takes 14ish HOURS . all depending on speed of course 14 . HOURS . #IRMA
the huffington post Hurricane Irma Devastates Caribbean Islands
Irma was 17 when she married 29 y o Harvey . Just saying NYT missed the mark on a lotta levels this time .
It's not US whose attention God is trying to get Please tell people to ask God !
FDOT working to make sure construction projects do not slow evacuations for Hurricane Irma
Shocking devastation from Irma ! Our planet right now via Living Earth App
#HurricaneIrma #Irma #CarribeanIslands any news on how Turks & Caicos fared ? Feeling worried can't find much info
President Trumps and Richard Bransons Caribbean homes destroyed by #HurricaneIrma #DonaldTrump
Florida nuclear plants plan shutdown ahead of Hurricane Irma via
Earth Changes #Irma is now the strongest hurricane ever recorded outside of the #Gulf and #Carribean #HurricaneIrma
Jose creeping behind Irma
Mass shooting by a white dude " the time to talk about gun control isn't now " Muslim Extremist kills someone " HOW
Winter oops I mean Irma is coming .
Kenny Chesney wants to help those affected by Hurricane Irma ... and he hopes his fans will pitch in too .
anyone noticed the amazing similarity of Irma and Jose to the whirlpool galaxy with its smaller neighbour ?
Keep safe you family and puerto rico and neighbori g country affected by irma
' smarter marketing ' today is out ! #ad #irma
I'm praying for you my friends from #PalmBeach #TakeCare #ILoveYou
By the Power of Crowdsourcing ! ! !
Fuck this storm . #HurricaneIrma
Catastrophe bonds were designed to fix Florida's hurricane insurance problem . #Irma is among many things a big te
Hirricane Irma and Im in Miami Florida ! ! ! Watch Now
The latest Rebuild Haiti Better ! #hmrd #irma
Thank you for this !
Island of #Barbuda ' totally demolished ' ! ! ! #HurricaneIrma #Irma #News #Map
At least 14 killed as #HurricaneIrma smashes through string of Caribbean islands on its way to Florida
Hurricane Irma damage in pictures Barbuda St Barts and St Martin WRECKED
Oh damn Jim Cantore is coming ? This can't be good like when Jessica Fletcher shows up .
Here's why Irma is a monster hurricane in one GIF
#HurricaneIrma Whether evacuating or staying put close all interior doors during hurricane to help stabilize roof !
Bravo Delta ! Delta Weaves Through Irma for Last Flight From San Juan
Gee ... I wonder what that could be ?
Irma vor Florida " Hoffentlich geht alles gut " #Irma #Florida
Our prayers and hearts are going out to all those affected by the terrifying natural disasters taking place around
Hurricane #Irma expected to hit Florida as category 4
Dear World Mother Nature is pissed . Time to wake the fuck up . #Chiapas #earthquake #HurricaneIrma #HoustonStrong #Terremoto
The Irma Song ! #OhhhIrmaaaa
State of emergency in effect for North Carolina ahead of Irma via
Watch us at 5am . How Florida is preparing for #HurricaneIrma . A deadly earthquake hits Mexico . Helping pet
Choudry We too are praying the same ! ! Change your path Irma ! !
Is Hurricane Irma the ' Big One ' Florida has dreaded ? #USA #News #American Branches
How #Hurricane Irma's #Record #Power #Compares with other m ... #Irmas #Topstories
Up ready to go ! No coffee needed ever #MorningPerson #HurricaneIrma #Evacuation #PrayersUp #TX #TheIslands #FL #GA #SC #NC
Two places the Yankees could play the Rays if Hurricane Irma ends up wreaking havoc in Florida
Irma batters islands as Jose strengthens Hurricane Jose has strengthened to a category three storm . The National ...
Thousands of people are reporting price gouging as #HurricaneIrma advances
' He's an angel ' Stranger offers woman in need generator ahead of Hurricane Irma
There is humanity in our screwed up world . This was so incredible . The power of love is awesome . you
Please Support Rebuild St Martin NoBorderBuilders #StMartin #Irma Donate Here
#Irma #Powers #Toward #Florida leaving #Behind #PATH of #Death #Destruction
Monster Hurricane Irma Barrels Toward <b> Climate Change < b > Deniers #ExpressHatred
Yeah you go ahead and pray . God formed Irma to take down Trumps mansion and Mar a Lago . It was intentional .
Here is the latest forecast track on #Irma
The latest The Terry Partridge Daily ! Thanks to #hurricaneirma
Two Colorado women stranded riding out Irma
KCCINews What to know about Hurricane Irma so far
VIDEO World famous airport ravaged by Hurricane Irma
#BPWORLD Hurricane Warning Issued for Florida as Irma Approaches
Nations rush to help islands devastated by Irma #news
South Florida braces for the worst as ' nuclear hurricane ' Irma nears ; see latest track update #news
Screw you Irma you can't stop this Half Elf ! via Restream.io
#pknt #CSRAwards2017 #Irma #rtept #BelieveInScience Hurricane Irma Dundalk Pearse Station Donal McAnallen A 23
NYT Devastation in the Caribbean as Hurricane Irma Heads Toward Miami
Hurricane #Irma ADVISORY 37 issued .
What will I do for fun when my place of work is my fun place ? If Irma lays one gust on my precious Tiburon I sw
#TurksandCaicos #Inagua #Bahamas #Hurricane #IRMA #IRMA2017 last 24hrs Morphed Integr . Microwave Im . at CIMSS MIMIC
There was an earthquake in Mexico and my family in Florida just experienced hurricane irma
Savage asf #hurricane #irma #florida Kendall West Florida
Video 2 Florida Nuclear Plants Threatened By Irma Could Be Shut Down
Earth Changes Tropical triple threat #HurricanesKatia & #HurricaineJose follow on the heels of #HurricaineIrma
JUST IN the latest on Hurricane #Irma . MORE >
R . I . P all those who lost their lives to irma
Seems like a good time to reprise this track . Our thoughts with all affected by Harvey Irma Jose ...
From Donald Trump to Johnny Depp all the celebrities affected by Hurricane Irma
Florida is really goimg to get it !
London man trapped in eye of Hurricane Irma tweets of ' apocalyptic ' scene as he hides in a concrete stairwell
Hurricane Irma is barreling towards some of Donald Trumps most lavish properties
So biggest Earthquake in 100 years hits Mexico strongest hurricane Irma on the way to the US and flooding in Nigeria . Biblical armshouse .
Glad something good came out of this
Caribbean struck by Hurricane Irma
Hurricane Irma strengthens to Category 4 as Florida declares state of emergency
Caribbean airport where planes swoop low over a beach destroyed by Hurricane Irma
Florida braces for Hurricane Irma Florida Keys residents told to evacuate
Delta flight races into path of Hurricane Irma before executing quick escape from Puerto Rico
Savage asf #hurricane #irma #florida view on Instagram
#HurricaneIrma Storm Preparation for #Boaters via
#BREAKING Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 storm with sustained winds of 55 mph #News19
Hurricane watches and warnings issued in SWFL
Top 5 crazy shit happenin ' for us Humidity Gators Domestics Irma Housekeeper Irma Hurricane
owen Dad can you please make sure James is safe in the coming days . Watching the news about Irma is scary .
NEW 5am update from NHC ... #Irma now a CAT 4 155mph sustained wind . #WBZ
Here's the 5am advisory . #Irma now a category 4 hurricane takes aim on Florida . #wral
Dr . Michio Kaku Harvey Sinister Weather Control ' ... via #WEATHERCONTROL #LASERS #NANOPARTICLES #IRMA
Savage asf #hurricane #irma #florida
Hurricane Irma Update Catogory 5 storm is Heading for the Turk and Caicos Islands after laying waste to St ...
SkymetWeather #HurricaneIrma Fiddling With #Bahamas ; En Route To #Miami #Florida . #IrmaHurricane2017 #IrmaHurric
Fri AM 8 w News NewGuy #Irma latest #ROCMayorDebate recap #ROC
BREVARD COUNTY another key resource for you this can help you find your evacuation route . #Irma
This is just the time to say that Hurricane #Irma is linked to climate breakdown showing humanity by urging actio
30 #Georgia counties under state of emergency ahead of #HurricaneIrma #MorningRushATL
Hurricane Irma heading for Bahamas S . FL ; fatal hit & run in Methuen ; Patriots drop season opener to Chiefs . Top stories at 5 on WBZ AM1030
Hurricane Irma or Hurricane Ivanka ?
Hurricane IRMA UPDATE Could Strike Nuclear Plants Sparking Fukushima ...
like the idea that billionaire airline & hospital owner RichardBranson expects the taxpayers he's conn
Arizona groups heading to Florida ahead of #Hurricane #Irma
Evacuees head to Port City ahead of Irma businesses help out
Gov Rick Scott Pledge No Immigration Screenings for People Fleeing Hurricane Irma #care2
Latest on #HurricaneIrma . #EWNTM with 5AM advisory .
' It isn't safe ' Wales ' Fishlock ' scared ' in Orlando over Hurricane Irma
Woah nelly lol this irma ain't never lyin .. she ain't NEVER lyin ..
I hope there's a few ' college kids ' that think it'll be cool to ride out IRMA in the Keys ... then they starve to death .
Traffic nightmare as 500K people told to leave South Florida ahead of Irma
Fears for those who ignored evacuation orders in the #Bahamas ; likely to be worst hit by #Irma #News #HurricaneIrma
Irma Is Being Described As A Nuclear Hurricane That Has Left One Island
Central Texas News Andrew was a monster ; Irma could blow it out of the water #SanAntonio
Irma VS Andrew Size Comparison
A personal video message from our company president re Hurricane Irma and our system redundancies
5 AM Friday #Irma Down to a Category 4 with winds at 155 but still a direct hit up the state of FL Sunday . Fini
Hurricane Irma likely to impact crude prices if devastating enough . Little supply side disruption in Florida just demand . Harvey was both .
My heart and prayers are with those in Latin America n the Caribbean who have suffered Hurricane Irma . Also Mexico after the earthquake
A look at some of the damage in #Barbuda . Pictures don't do it justice . Prime minister said #HurricaneIrma hit like
Hurricane Irma sets record for 37 hours of super strength CBS News
Florida flights cancelled as Hurricane Irma approaches Buying Business Travel Florida flights cancelled as Hurr
Hurricane Irma UK territory declares state of emergency PM helps herself to 1 Bn but only allows 32 Mil help
ISS cameras capture video of hurricane Irma Telegraph
London man trapped in eye of Hurricane Irma tweets of ' apocalyptic ' scene as he hides in a concrete stairwell Te
First 24 hours of destruction as Hurricane Irma tears through Atlantic Telegraph
Hurricane Irma hunters fly into eye of storm Telegraph
Why Irma ? It could named Thrump synonymous of destruction . #Irma #IrmaHurricane #Irma2017 #IrmaFlorida
Irma moving away from Turks and Caicos will pass along the north side of Cuba today . Cat 5 sustained winds 160mph
Pet day cares helping families through Hurricane Irma
From Donald Trump to Johnny Depp all the celebrities affected by Hurricane Irma Read by Telegraph
Hurricane Irma devastates Caribbean powers toward Florida #Hurricane #HurricaneIrma
Hurricane Irma Obvious Manmade Origin
Retired Marine Sounds Off Is IRMA Super Hurricane Geo Engineered with ... via #IRMA #WEATHERCONTROL
Caribbean airport where planes swoop low over a beach destroyed by Hurricane Irma Telegraph
Florida braces for Hurricane Irma Florida Keys residents told to evacuate Telegraph
ISS cameras capture video of hurricane Irma
London man trapped in eye of Hurricane Irma tweets of ' apocalyptic ' scene as he hides in a concrete stairwell Read
Opinion Irma should be Trump's wake up call on climate change
Delta flight races into path of Hurricane Irma before executing quick escape from Puerto Rico Telegraph
First 24 hours of destruction as Hurricane Irma tears through Atlantic
Hurricane Irma is barreling towards some of Donald Trumps most lavish properties Read by Telegraph
Hurricane Irma progressing through the southeastern Bahamas now visible on Cuban Doppler radar mosaic . Still displa
ISS cameras capture video of hurricane Irma Read by Telegraph
This low key schadenfreude of celeb homes getting flattened in areas where indigenous population often live in pove
Hurricane Irma strengthens to Category 4 as Florida declares state of emergency Read by Telegraph
Florida braces for Hurricane Irma Florida Keys residents told to evacuate Read by Telegraph
Florida storm warning as Hurricane Irma approaches
God won't help you . Adequately preparing for the effects of climate change will . Time to install some meteorologist
Caribbean airport where planes swoop low over a beach destroyed by Hurricane Irma Read by Telegraph
Hurricane Irma hunters fly into eye of storm #telegraph #news
With Irma Bearing Down Homeowners Face Loss of Federal Flood Insurance
Is this woman for real ?
Thanks to all news anchors and first responders for protecting us and keeping us informed #HurricaneIrma #PrayForFlorida
Hurricane Irma Storms Toward U . S . Jonathan Falwell and Wife Survive Devastation on St . Martin CBN ...
Retweeted Alex can we talk about climate change after Irma ? #IrmaHurricane2017 ...
Head's up HMG PMs of #Bahamas #Antigua & Caribbean will probs mention climate change & Irma at #Commonwealth Summit
Irma is coming to Miami ...
D Trump Got any fundraisers for Hurricane Irma disaster relief or just bullshit petitions like this ?
Hurricane Irma makes landfall this weekend here home in #Florida . God help us all . #Irma
All stationed around trump properties giving directions to displaced people on where they can fuck off to handing
Hurricane #Irma 05 00 8 SEP Advisory Category 4 Winds 155MPH Pressure 925mb WNW 16 MPH via Atlantic
5 a . m . update Irma dips to strong Category 4 strength 500 miles from Miami
CBS 46 reports List of Georgia counties under #stateofemergency as Hurricane Irma churns its way through the Caribb
damn all the way into KY ? This storm is a beast
That's scary af ...
AT Hurricane #Irma Advisory 37 135 kt 155 mph winds 925 mb 21.7 N 73.8 W moving WNW at 14 kt 16 mph #tropics
Hurricane Irma Fuel supply falters in Florida even with planning
Oh yeah ! We also have nearly three active hurricanes now . Irma Jose and Katia currently a tropical storm . But he
Thoughts with colleagues in #Caribbean suffering under #Irma & particularly hoping for best on #turksandcaicos
IRMA STORMS AHEAD Hurricane blasts into Turks and Caicos with Florida still in its sights via FOX NEWS #timbeta #betaajudabeta #timbet
They are family ! ! !
Hurricane Irma is expected to strike southern Florida this weekend .
Mother Earth is angry #HurricaneHarvey #HurricaneIrma #HurricaneJose #HurricaneIrma #EarthquakeMexico #earthquake
See Irma from 45 000 feet in the air
' Get out now ' #Floridians #jam #highways to #flee #Hurricane #Irma
Locals make courageous landfall rescue in Anguilla as Irma bears down . via
#Irma #Harvey #ClimateChange means Warmer Oceans Stronger Hurricanes Climate Change Effects Are No Longer Subtle
Great questions ! .. watching this right now in Miami as Irma is trekking her way to us .
Irma don't be salty girl . We all know you're a nickel with your heart set on being a dime #IAmRunningOutOfHurricaneJokes #Panicking #Help
#MusicForLife #andlok #zinkgat #Irma #StapVoorStapVoorHannelore Saint Josse Louvain Bruxelles Antwerpse Eur 90
Hurricane Irma weakens to a Category 4 storm as it batters the Caribbean ; remains a powerful hurricane reports . #LiveOnK2
With #Irma getting closer to South Carolina many are stepping up efforts to get ready
JUST IN Hurricane Irma weakens to a Category 4 storm as it batters the Caribbean ; remains a powerful hurricane .
please like and subscribe our channel
To help move Irma evacuees GA express lanes on I 75 all heading North & toll free . Live report on
Hurricane Irma Missing British sisters feared dead are found safe
#Irma #Caribbean #Irma Find out what happens ...
Hurricane Irma is now the most powerful Atlantic storm in recorded #News #World #Media
Hurricane Irma Storm Surge Watch Warning Map
Author top stories An up and coming professional surfer died Tuesday while riding the giant waves in Barbados ...
Reuters LATEST Hurricane Irma is moving through southeastern Bahamas as an extremely dangerous Category 4 hurric
Hurricane Irma forces postponement of Bucs ' season opener
More NEWS on last link . Hurricane Irma Survivors describe ' total devastation '
There's people that are dying Cunt lol
#HurricaneIrma winds have eased but still at around 160mph . #Florida braced for a rough couple of days .
Hurricane Irma Live updates By James Masters and Nick Thompson CNN Updated 4 34 AM ET Fri September 8 2017 ...
MONEY Amazon is removing $ 100 packs of water after being accused of Hurricane Irma price gouging
Hurricane Irma now has max sustained winds at 155mph . will break down the latest advisory now on .
How Hurricane Irmas record power compares with other major storms
wake up ill faith politicians denying #climatechange ! ' ll have 2 act 2 fight it when huge #COSTS
Harvey and Irma married 75 Years marvel at the storms bearing their names Independent
In war strategy we call this an acceptable loss . We bombed Dresden to get the factories now Florida pays for Mar
For those of you escaping Irma via georgia
IRMA Targets Miami Two Nuke Plants Shutdown Traffic Gridlock via
1 Miami News Search Businesses Grotto gives prayerful faith as Hurricane Irma threatens Key WestSome Keys ...
BREAKING Sint Maarten Princess Juliana Airport ' reopen for military use '
I added a video to a playlist Vlog S 66 Bo IRMA Chnh Ph dc sc gip dn chng
Hurricane #Irma is now a strong category 4 . Wind gusts up to 190 mph . More on
People I bet things can't go any worse . Irma Hold my beer !
' must do something ' commentary from pundits who have not commented on the real issue of chronic cuts that undermine
Rather chase Irma than chase you bitches
I just added this to my closet on Poshmark Closed for Irma at until further notice .. via #shopmycloset
GHWB's sock game on point as usual .
The headlines today need to calm the f ck down . #mexico #irma #jose #korea
With Houston floods and Hurricane Irma ready to heat USA are u really still dearing to deny climate change ?
I know a bitch named Katia and jose
#Resist #DACA #WomensMarch IT'S A SHIRT ! ! GET IT HERE BREAKING Hurricane #Irma has downgraded to a Category
NJ couple moves Key West wedding to NYC due to Hurricane Irma WABC TV #News NYC New York
South Lee County Hurricane Irma updates for #Estero #Bonita Springs
Live Hurricane Irma pummels Caribbean islands heading for Florida via
Beautiful achdus is what HKBH wants ! Yashar Koach
#HurricaneIrma has weakened to a Category 4 with winds at 155 mph . We will have updates through the morning on
Thousands of cruise tourists are dropped at Miami as Hurricane Irma advances Thousands of cruise ships passengers
#AcklinsIsland #Bahamas about to get the full impact from #Irma I've never seen a predicted wind that high !
Thousands of cruise tourists are dropped at Miami as Hurricane Irma advances
MORE Hurricane Irma is about 495 miles southeast of Miami Florida with maximum sustained winds of 155mph NHC
#USA #FoxNews IRMA STORMS AHEAD Hurricane blasts into Turks and Caicos with Florida still in its sights
The 5am update Florida friends . Looking at it myself while at my first airport for the day .
With Harvey And Now Irma Federal Funds And FEMA Are Put To The Test
Live HURRICANE IRMA Tracking CAT 5 185 MPH to SLAM FLORIDA Orlando Sto ...
Scary and beautiful at the same time !
Saddest day for the people of #Caribbean devastated by #IrmaHurricane
Dear Please dedicate a song to #LindaMarsalis . She followed you from Wash . to Texas . I'm in Fla . trying to survive Irma .
Irma drops to Cat 4 strength still on dangerous path to FL landfall . is LIVE 6a 3pET w FL preps
Astonishing current wind speed visualisations of Hurricane's #Irma #Jose & #Katia on Null Earth credit
#BREAKING Hurricane Irma is now Cat . 4 with 155 MPH winds
Hurricane Irma leaves trail of death destruction in Caribbean #breaking #usa #world #news #video #today #watch # a
#BREAKING MIAMI AP Hurricane Irma weakens to a Category 4 storm as it batters the Caribbean ; remains a powerf
Scenes of destruction from Irma began to trickle in
Irma can take anything I have . Just not my Teeter Hang Up .
BREAKING Irma weakens slightly to category 4 strength . Still a very dangerous hurricane and may strengthen again
Irma is now a cat 4 ... #FCNStorm
Irma weakens slightly to Category 4 hurricane ; South Florida under hurricane warning
Irma can suck a fat one
Irma has weakened into a Cat 4 Hurricane . 155 mph winds . Still remains a powerful storm . #FirstWarn
N NJ NJ METRO NYC RIP CURRENT ALERT As Irma approaches S FL Northeastern Coastal waters churn ! ! ! Heed advisories ! ! ! Forecast below .
BREAKING Hurricane #Irma has downgraded to a Category 4 as it continues to batter the Caribbean
As of 5 00aET Hurricane #Irma is now a Category 4 with 155 mph maximum sustained winds . Updates continue this mo
Reuters MORE Hurricane Irma is about 495 miles southeast of Miami Florida with maximum sustained winds of 155mph NHC
5 A . M . #HurricaneIrma UPDATE
Hurricane Irma Lashes Providenciales With Strong Winds . Credit Instagram castaway john via ... via
Not a bad place to be I suppose .
BREAKING Hurricane Irma weakens to category 4 storm with winds of 155 mph .
Mother Nature warning us to do better . Hurricanes Harvey & Irma . 8.1 Earthquake in southern Mexico . Largest wildfire in LA history .
Man with knife shot reportedly shot by cops at Miami airport amid Irma rush Fox News
Surfer dies trying to catch a wave in Hurricane Irma via
#Andrew was a monster ; Irma could blow it out of the water #Technology #Security #News
NEW TRACK #Irma continues to move west & our area looks pretty safe from the brunt of the storm ! h
Serving dramatic looks before Irma
Brit holidaymakers in Dominican Republic ' were told to hide in bathroom ' from Hurricane Irma by their holiday firm
My thought are with everyone who has been affected by Irma typhoon in Caribbean island and big earthquake in Mexico .
says it's prepared for #hurricaneIrma . 11 000 person crew to restore power . Call 1 800 4outage if you lose power .
Dramatic footage shot by NASA at the International Space Station shows the vast spread of #HurricaneIrma . More #
live Hurricane Irma
In relation to Irma ... Looks like weakening to CAT 4 ... Could she re energise with warmer waters ? Either way Florida is in her sights ...
Only 32 passengers on flight from Pittsburgh to Orlando this morning . Jet has 140 seats . #Irma
Dominican Republic Devastation left in the Caribbean after Hurricane Irma
Well the new Irma path just sucks .
God bless USA and rest
Mother Nature is so pissed off rn maybe the world should start to listen to her #earthquake #hurricaneirma2017
RT IrishTimesWorld Hurricane #Irma kills 14 as it tears through Caribbean
Andrew was a monster ; #Irma could blow it out of the #water ABC News #environment
Hurricane Irma lurches toward US ; Cooper declares NC emergency
The latest The Laurie Batter Daily ! Thanks to #irma
New story on NPR With Harvey And Now Irma Federal Funds And FEMA Are Put To The Test
Our very own has been on & this morning talking about disaster relief & rebuilding processes post Irma
U . S . senators delay spending package votes over Hurricane Irma via ynaija
Wow .. talk about a powerful couple
RT AP " BREAKING Hurricane Irma weakens to a Category 4 storm as it batters the Caribbean ; remains a powerful hurricane . "
Officials say hurricane Irma has been downgraded to a category four storm but remains " powerful "
TSR Storm Alert Intense Hurricane IRMA
Before and after Hurricane Irma images of Caribbean destruction
This has not been speeded up for effect #Irma2017
#BREAKING #IRMA weakens to a Category 4 storm as it batters the Caribbean ; remains a powerful hurricane .
3 #hurricanes in W Atlantic Basin . First time in modern history that 3 #hurricanes could make landfall at same time . #Irma #ClimateChange
Here are the 5 AM EDT Key Messages for #Irma
Mr President Trump have you realized what is the reasons of the damagess caused by Hurricane IRMA even for your own property at St Martin
Chicago Tribune Man with knife shot reportedly shot by cops at Miami airport amid Irma rushFox NewsA knife wielding man was shot at Miami
Or maybe it's already too late because we believe in throwing our garbage to let someone else pick it .
The latest Les perles de Bobby & du Kro ! Thanks to #afp #irma
#IRMA #earthquake We now interrupt your regularly scheduled hurricane news to bring you an earthquake .
I saw someone trolling a live meteorology feed constantly commenting about Irma being a
My evac plan is fucked . #HurricaneIrma
Good news on Hurricane Irma means Category 4 remaining devastating
The latest The Dearing Group Daily ! Thanks to #solar #irma
Not comparable but remarkable #Irma
My grandparents are currently holidaying in Cuba and literally just found out Irma will be hitting there and I'm fucking terrified for them
AP BREAKING Hurricane Irma weakens to a Category 4 storm as it batters the Caribbean ; remains a powerful hurricane .
Click HERE #Finance #Politics #Business Irma heads for Bahamas Cuba leaving devastatio
Hurricane Irma batters Bahamas and Haiti as Florida evacuates latest updates
I see so much shit about #earthquake and #Irma that I wonder whether teaching people to read and write is a good idea . #WorldLiteracyDay
5 10 am GA traffic north of the FL line . Heavy but moving #Irma #GATraffic #I95
shibby Thanks Shibby God Bless you all the people effected by Irma . Pray for safety for each individual person
The latest #Hurricane #Irma Advisory from the #NationalHurricaneCenter 5am AST . #Category5 . Winds 155mph .
If you're about to hit the road take I 95 as far as you can . Major backups on the NB Turnpike .
I liked a video Hurricane Irma is Coming ! !
My new sounds Hurricane Irma Edition Pt2 9.7 . 17 on #SoundCloud
New story on NPR With Harvey And Now Irma Federal Funds And FEMA Are Put To The Test tell me what you think
2 45am wakeup call to evacuate . Thx Irma
Shit ... this hurricane finna be something wild ... it's not a natural cause though ... but anyway keep y'all posted #HurricaneIrma or not
World News Update Man with knife shot reportedly shot by cops at Miami airport amid Irma rush Fox News Buy I
JUST IN #Irma now a Category 4 hurricane . Still a major hurricane with winds 155 mph . Full coverage on .
Storm Team 8 is answering your questions about #hurricainIrma #Irma WFLA Gayle GuyardoWFLA Marco VillarrealWFL
Harvey Irma Jos some say God is cross . For everyone else there is #ClimateChange . What do we do about it ? #ActNotPray #ParisAgreement
BREAKING Hurricane #Irma has downgraded to a Category 4 as it continues to batter the Caribbean . has more NOW on 12 News Today .
Hey retards at . Stop fear mongering in GA SC & NC . Irma won't be a hurricane by then .
#Breaking Hurricane Irma just downgraded to a strong Cat 4 . Warnings in place in the Keys and Miami . is tracking Irma
Evacuating from Boca Raton still stuck in Cordele Georgia said this guy was like an angel !
He is the Man !
Here is the 5AM FRIDAY update on #Irama the storm is now a Category 4 Hurricane .
The fact that someone is even complaining about FEMA after what Harvey d
Rino Ryan using Harvey & Irma for cover for not getting shit done & Trump acting unilaterally . He's a bigger blowjob than either hurricane
5AM #Irma Update Now a CAT 4 #Hurricane . Sustained winds 155 mph moving WNW at 16 mph . Track takes it through F
Hurricane Irma causes flight disruptions via SA
Looks like eye of #HurricaneIrma may avoid Nassau #Bahamas . That said anything could change #Commonwealth
Story of #love through the decades of Harvey 104 years & Irma 92 years #connections #community #family #ageing
#BREAKING Hurricane #Irma downgraded to a category 4 . Still a MAJOR hurricane . updates throughout th
D . C . area forecast 70s and sunshine for days ; keeping an eye on Irma into next week The Washington Post
Devastation in the Caribbean as Hurricane Irma Heads Toward Miami The New York Times
With Harvey And Now Irma Federal Funds And FEMA Are Put To The Test The initial
This damn hurricane ! Thinking to leave but go where ? ? ? I don't think anywhere in Florida is definitely in the clear . #HurricaneIrma
Latest IR on Irma this morning she is mowing WNW 16 mph . And latest tropical storm force wind probs ! .
FEMA warns funds almost depleted as Congress works out agreement
I liked a video Live Tracking Orlando Hurricane IRMA Set to SLAM FLORIDA Hurricane Irma
Thinking of everyone in the path of Hurricane Irma #Hurricaneirma
#CoastGuard #USCG WATCH An Aerial View of Hurricane Irma's Destruction in St . Thomas
5A #Irma a Cat 4 Hurricane Taking Aim at Florida
People trying to get out of the path of #Irma . Really busy at the Canoe Creek rest area on the Turnpike . #Fox35
What on earth is happening to the planet ? ? ? Thought with all #usa #Mexico #Cuba and the whole of #Barbados #irma
Zee Is the Carolinas still set to see Irma as Category 1 ? Generally which Category is considered catastrophic ? 3 or 4 ?
Andrew hit as a cat 5 . Irma is right now only a cat 4
Wasn't all of this the first 30 minutes of " The Day After Tomorrow " ? #HurricaneIrma2017 #EarthquakeMexico ##MexicoQuake #Harvey
Heads up #Florida n stay safe ! I feel with you i love your beautiful State #HurricaneIrma #Irma #FursuitFriday #FL
Into the Storm US Plane Flies Through Hurricane Irma
Hurricane Irma now a Cat 4 track continues to shift west
They're waiting for the Hurricane Irma to hit Florida so they can use it as a diversion .
Latest Hurricane Irma update track still heading for S . FL Peninsula Saturday night into Sunday . #7News
Drive safe and see you on the return trip .
Irma ravages islands heads for Bahamas Caribbean islands pummeled by Hurricane Irma began to grapple with th ...
#Irma downgraded to a Category 4 . Still a monster storm . #wfsb
Hurricane Irma latest news Storm pummels Turks and Caicos Islands as it moves to Bahamas
Our reporter sent this video report from Disney World in Florida as Hurricane Irma reaches mainland USA
Trump needs to get his ass down there and give a speech all that hot air would blow Irma out to sea
WSB TV The Latest Irma weakens to Category 4 storm
I cannot wait to give him a hug B . C . mother glad son is safe following Hurricane Irma #TODAY
Good morning Irma has weakened a little overnight still very dangerous with 155 mph winds gusts to 190mph .
Irma had North Carolina shook for a minute tho ...
A 2 ? ! ! Please
Hurricane Irma downgraded to Category 4 hurricane with 155 mph winds
Live Irma has weakened to a category 4 #HURRICANE says NHC #FWCWeather
The latest The Alex Bann Daily ! Thanks to BPost #news #hurricaneirma
Irma heads for Bahamas Cuba leaving devastation in its wake
Irma powers toward Florida leaving behind path of death destruction Tweet
This is so heartbreaking #HurricaneIrma
Hurricane Irma travel advice for Brits everything you need to know
The latest The Roulefx Tribune ! Thanks to #sgnews #irma
Hurricane Irma path latest Where will the storm hit next and when will it reach Florida ?
Hurricane Watch issued for Florida as Irma nears U . S . coast
At least it's down to a category 4 now #HurricaneIrma
Former US presidents unite to raise money for Harvey Irma victims
Thank You For Your Service !
The Chris Hanrahan Daily is out ! Stories via roche #irma #leicester
Breaking News Irma downgraded to ' extremely dangerous ' Category 4 hurricane
Devastation in the #Caribbean as #HurricaneIrma Heads Toward
Be SAFE and God bless you .
please stay safe if you are anywhere near hurricane irma #HurricaneIrma
Poor In Miami Hoping To Ride Out Irma On Bread And Cans Of Tuna
#Irma is now a Category 4 storm with max sustained winds 155 mph .
Hurricane Irma Is Not Alone ! Hurricanes Jose and Katia Form as Irma Roars ! Total SHTF on the Not So Distant Horizon ;
I'll take Irma and give 4 to 1
Finally getting weaker
First hurricane warnings issued for South Florida as Irma approaches ABC News via #irma
Oil steady as Irma heads for Florida Saudi Arabia cuts supply REUTERS
Funny but not funny #hurricaneirma #palmbeach #faaack
Hurricane Irma just downgraded by Atlantic to Cat 4 battering #TurksandCaicos now headed to Bahamas FL ...
The world is coming to an end ! #earthquake #HurricanHarvey #HurricaneIrma #HurricaneJose #fire
2017 09 08 02 58 Hurricane Irma Path Update
Yes stop your destruction stupid idot I think is time to DELETE YOURSELF #DeleteIrma
#Irma's destruction island by island . Via
THE GUARDIAN After the storm how should cities rebuild post hurricanes like Harvey and Irma ? #PaginaNuova #Press
Wall Street stocks set for losses as life threatening Irma aims for Florida MarketWatch
Do you remember Andrew ? Here is how Irma compares in size to 1992 ' s Andrew
Oil steady as Irma heads for Florida Saudi Arabia cuts supply
thanks man .. Irma need to go away .
Dani just said on Irma's path is getting worse for SWFL ...
Hurricane Jose to give Irma battered islands another lashing
#Irma #Jose the other one whatever it's called #Daca #earthquake #Russia possible #tsunami let's see what e
Bad Luck Monster Hurricane Irma Could Rack Up $ 1 Trillion In Damages ! All the models agree that Irma will almost
#IRMA is now predicted to hit mainland Florida MCO airport closing is flight from MAN 2morrow 10.15
droit collaboratif le Journal is out ! Stories via #actudroit #irma
New story on NPR Poor In Miami Hoping To Ride Out Irma On Bread And Cans Of Tuna
blowing the hurricane away with fans
Pl send urgent help 2 St Martin There are 2k Indians without food shelter after hurricane IRMA #StMartin
After the storm how should cities rebuild post hurricanes like Harvey and Irma ?
Poor In Miami Hoping To Ride Out Irma On Bread And Cans Of Tuna #TheResistance will #MAGA
roadtrippin late af fuck this Irma shit
In Hurricane Irmas Ruinous Wake I Feel Like Im on the Moon
ICYMI #CatCountry1073 #AtlanticCity #PuntaCana #hurricanirma #IrmaHurricane2017 #SaveRachel
Hurricane Irma Everything to know about the historic storm
Bank of Baroda Mandela Sam Smith Hurricane Irma Al Ahly 2017 9 8 11 14 SAST #trndnl
I'm gonna be so pissed of the world ends before the last season of Game of Thrones
#hurricanirma is down to a #category4 . Max sustained winds 155 mph . Headed to #Florida #Irma
The #solar #eclipse has caused all this not #climatechange ! #idiots #HurricaneIrma #HurricaneHarvey #mexico #earthquake
Eh ! Goba ko US at the moment ago mnate . Apparently there's a possibility of another Hurricane Irma hitting Florida on Sunday !
Go to gas buddy see where gas is ! Pls retweet ... if you find gas put it in gas buddy ! ! ! pls retweet !
just got an update on Hurricane Irma . It's not been downgraded to a Category 4 Hurricane .
RT MarketWatch " Wall Street stocks set for losses as life threatening Irma aims for Florida
Hurricane Irma downgraded to Category 4 #HurricaneIrma #News
Watcch #ozpod2017 #AFLCrowsGiants #TheBachelorAU #HurricaneIrma #wabudget
#LiteracyDay #MTBWorlds #Irma HURRICANE IRMA #SuperRound 2017 9 8 11 14 CEST #trndnl
Ti thm video vo danh sch pht Hurricane Irma pummels Turks and Caicos islands News Hot
#XWIG #IRMA XWIG " James Kelmans Dirt Road Travels a Path to Solace " by BENJAMIN MARKOVITS via NYT
#XWIG #IRMA XWIG " Mother and Daughter in a Doomsday Cult " by JULIA SCHEERES via NYT
12 blanchard
and this my friends is what being an American is all about .
Add insult to injury Hurricane Jose to give Irma battered islands another lashing
#HurricaneIrma down to category 4 still packing wind speeds of 155mph approaching #Bahamas now
Hurricane Irma By the numbers ...
Irma heads for Bahamas leaving devastation in its wake
RT KATCTV 3 " Irma weakens still a powerful Cat 4 Hurricane . Jose & Katia still strengthening . Weather here remains
Just more proof that #ClimateChangeIsReal ... but of course this is all fake news right ? #IgnoranceIsKillingUs
The Latest Irma weakens to Category 4 storm .
New story on NPR Miami Braces For Hurricane Irma
Retweeted Wren Clair Latest Hurricane Irma update track still heading for S . FL Peninsula ...
While the world focuses on Irma floods have killed over 1000 people in Nigeria Niger and Sierra Leone
brwood 333 Mar A Lago is right in Irma's path . His Carribbean resort was already destroyed .
Even though downgraded #HurricaneIrma is still a very dangerously strong category 4 storm . #NothingToPlayWith
Fort Lauderdale Miami airport ask residents not to store cars in garages during Irma #news
great progress Irma is now a 4 !
Royal Caribbean To Evacuate Staff From Hurricane Irma On Luxury Cruise Ship
Wall Street stocks set for losses as life threatening Irma aims for Florida
Hurricane #Irma Friday 5 00am Update . Still too early to pinpoint any impact in our area . Prepare . Don't panic . Sta
Hurricane IRMA DESTROYING St Maarten St Martin Horrific WINDS Speeds 180 ... via
Islanders Survey Hurricane #Irma's Destruction via The New York Times
I was living & working in West Palm Beach during Hurricane Andrew & FL still in my ... praying for my friends & everyone's safety . #Irma
Worrying where Irma will hit next is it too late to rename storm ' Hurricane 2017 SFGiants ? " Because we all know they rarely hit anything .
Alright y'all boys y'all hit me up when this hoe gone
JacksonvilleCP 5am IRMA Update Now category 4 w sustained winds up to 155mph . Still a major hurricane over very warm water
Grotto gives prayerful faith as Hurricane Irma threatens Key West
Pro NO SCHOOL ! ! Con A hurricane just hit Irma
Desperation sets in as drivers scour for gas ahead of Hurricane Irma
Hurricane Irma AFTERMATH ! ! Anguilla St.Maarten St.Martin
UN supporting national relief efforts as Hurricane Irma threatens nearly 50 million people
Update on my Irma status I have family not in an evac zone asking me to stay with them instead . Grandparents are ok with it tho I'm
; Good morning President Trump the 2nd test is about 2arrive Irma . U got $ $ $ from Charlie S . what did you give up ? Godbless
Good Morning if you do not need to be on the roads please don't . Final preps today and officials are finalizing p
New post " Oil steady as Irma heads for Florida Saudi Arabia cuts supply "
Some Miami residents stay put and brace for Hurricane Irma including many who lack the money to flee Los Angel
Wow and this early in the morning ... #Irma
I added a video to a playlist MANY CLIPS Of Damage Done By Hurricane IRMA All Across
#LiteracyDay #MTBWorlds #Irma HURRICANE IRMA #SuperRound #ICTAwardNight Bern Africa Blick #GSHCLHC 23
MANY CLIPS Of Damage Done By Hurricane IRMA All Across via
Royal Caribbean To Evacuate Staff From Hurricane Irma On Luxury Cruise Ship Read more #news
g1 Furaco Irma atinge o Caribe ; FOTOS #Irma #G1
Watch stunning footage from space of just how severe Hurricane Irma truly is . Incredible . #HurricaneIrma #Irma
#HurricaineIrma has been downgraded to a Cat 4 hurricane but that's still VERY dangerous . Be safe and be prepared o
Spooky ... Actually don't they recycle names & storms often follow some type of air current ?
#Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane w 155 mph winds . Destructive winds coastal flooding to batter Bahamas today
#Irma I Think North Korea is also Guilty from the Hurricanes and Earthquake.becauce the Atom Tests . #Irma
Monstrous Hurricane Irma kills 14 in Caribbean heads for Florida Providenciales Turks and Caicos The ...
5AM advisory #HurricaneIrma forecast to move towards #SouthFlorida Sunday AM . Potential landfall f
Check your facts mate .
Good Morning NJ ! Here is the latest from Atlantic .. as of 5AM #HurricaneIrma is now a category 4 .. winds at 15
Hope You Ladies and Your Loved Ones and yes that means animals too stay safe . #Irma2017 #Irma #hurricaneirma2017
3 7 PICS Incredible flight path images show Delta Airlines plane flying into Hurricane Irma and safely out again
Silly
' Cos our haughty nose is stuck so far in the air we can't see beneath it
They're in the phase where confusion and frustration is all over their lives just to start all over again .
Zoomed in ... #Irma CAT 4 tomorrow night just south of FL
An interesting read for Geography students .
Hurricane Irma 5 Simple Lessons From Monster Storms .. #climatechange
For Irma vs . Mar a Lago the smart $ $ is on Trumps house
The latest The SAINOZ Daily ! Thanks to #irma #hurricaneirma
Viral NPR published Stories Irma's Winds And Florida's Infrastructure
The latest Topping Times ! Thanks to lindsay Rob #hurricaneirma #fmqs
Yacht ! ? #Irma #blockchain #telescope #fenty #aurore #pitmad #ebay #Friday #amazon
Haiti CEDIM Forensic Disaster Analysis Group FDA Hurricane Irma Report No . 1 Focus on Caribbean up until 8t
Haiti Monstrous Hurricane Irma kills 14 in Caribbean heads for Florida
Hurricane Irma shatters multiple records ...
Millions world wide willing Irma to stop hitting innocent viillages and save its breath for Mar a Lago .
Hurricane Irma latest news Storm pummels Turks and Caicos Islands as it moves to Bahamas via
Residents and ' stranded ' British holidaymakers caught in the path of hurricane Irma describe their fear .
I'm praying for Florida & their safety
Storm shows no sign of weakening and could pick up strength over the warm waters of Bahamas #HuricaneIrma
For those who are thinking to sit this one out I would not want to stand against Mother Nature in all her full fu
The latest on Hurricane Irma
In pics Powerful record breaking Hurricane Irma visible from International Space Station
Hurricane Harvey Hurricane Irma now an 8.1 magnitude Earthquake in Mexico and Tsunami warnings across central America ; My Prayers go out
Blizzi Boi Hours Before Irma #IrmaHurricane2017
#HurricaneIrma has caused widespread destruction across the #Caribbean reducing buildings to rubble and leaving ...
Groningen Weather People prepare for the arrival of Hurricane Irma
Thoughts are with our friends across the Atlantic and the communities devastated by #HurricaneIrma YachtAid ...
Friday Irma weakens to Category 4 storm but still targets Florida
Irma downgraded to ' extremely dangerous ' Category 4 hurricane #Pittsburgh
As travelers flee wrath of Irma knife wielding man shot by police at Miami airpor #Pittsburgh
Don't worry Irma it's a fake as the global warming ..
Irma continues to wreak havoc as it heads to the US
#MONEY #IRMA WSJ Hurricane Irma weakens to a Category 4 storm as it heads through the southeastern Bahamas Wal
CBS 46 reports Hurricane #Irma slams Turks and Caicos on path to Florida
So many disasters why are we still doubting science ? Please help if you can #earthquake #Irma #Houston #RedCross
St Thomas US Virgin Islands at least 4 deaths by #Irma more bodys expected to found soon !
Certamente finalista do
DACA #HURRICANE Irma and Young Americans Dreams Deferred #GPWX
Because #Irma will be passing over the Everglades a " brown ocean " it will hold its strength longer than expected .
Allen West What Liberals are doing to exploit Hurricane Irma is DESPICABLE !
Safe and sound Kathleen . Irma thankfully went north and only side swiped us . #bfc530
Stunningly beautiful . I wish this was happening in south Florida instead of Irma . Much love to all those affected . #irma
Hurricane Irma 30 Georgia counties under state of emergency Atlanta Journal Constitution
After the storm how cities rebuild past hurricanes like Harvey and Irma ?
Good morning Tanja ! How are you doing today sorry to those in Irma path.Me still at home sick but on herbs and t
Hurricane Irma Slams Turks and Caicos en Route to Florida
PRIVATE JETS CHEAPER THEN PRICE GAUGING AIRLINES . PEOPLE LEAVING BEFORE SUPERSTORM #IrmaHurricane2017 . STOP GAUGING
Hurricane Devastates and Heads Toward
Hurricane Irma Now a Category 4 Storm Slams the Turks and Caicos en Route to Florida Time
Kentucky Army National Guard deploys to Caribbean in rescue and recovery effort in wake of Irma
Dangerous winds storm surge threaten Florida even as Irma weakens to Category 4
#Houston #mayor #turner could have saved many lives if he had evacuated #houston before #Harvey like FL is doing for #Irma .
The latest The Fabrizio Favre Daily ! Thanks to #hurricaneirma #fakenews
In 1992 Hurricane Andrew rocked Florida but Irma looks ready to blow it out of the water
Harvey and Irma Married 75 Years
Hurricane Irma Survivors describe ' total devastation ' Residents and ' stranded
Florida Cattlemen Prepare for Hurricane Irma Livestock Shelters Open
#MONEY #IRMA business Goldman Sachs could quadruple its Frankfurt staff after Brexit executive says
Up early answering your Hurricane Irma questions during our morning newscast with Mike Trim WPTV Ashleigh Walt
3 #hurricanes on one chart #NationalHurricaneCenter #NOAA #Florida #HurricaneIrma #HurricaneJose #HurricaneKatia
Escape from Orlando update . On board the plane ! #HurricaneIrma
If Cuba could just do their part and bust Irma up ...
Hurricane Irma heads towards Florida after tearing through the Caribbean World Socialist Web Site
The latest Eco 2morrow Daily News ! #transport #irma
Looks like a slight shift to the west for hurricane Irma . No matter where it tracks Naples will be impacted . Stay
#BZ good work well done . #RFAMountsBay #HurricaneIrma
PS . I haven't slept . Keep having bad dreams on proper ways to evacuate . Ugh I hate you Irma you fat hussy #HurricaneIrma
Horrifying Footage From #NOAA42 Plane Flying Through #HurricaneIrma
Hurricane Andrew meet your wife #HurricaneIrma .
Hurrican Trump ; 1000 year storm slowest dimmest laziest most inept storm to hit America EVER recorded .
Update Retired N . B . cop survives Irma helping others
Not smart as Irma bears down on SC to vote against hurricane relief ! Do you not want federal aid ?
Hurricane Irma 5 myths about hurricane prep to forget via Times
Hurricane Irma slams Turks and Caicos
#BreakingNews #Reddit #News #Livebroadcasting live Hurricane Irma r news
Can't sleep worrying about this stupid bitch Irma . Wish I had stayed in NY last month
National Hurricane Center says #Irma now a Category 4 storm with maximum sustained winds of 155 mph
Tourists and residents in Cuba have been evacuated from low lying coastal areas ahead of Hurricane Irma
Praying to anyone in Hurricane Irma Hurricane Jose and Hurricane Katia . I hope things get better . Respect to you .
Hurricane Irma Florida path What time will Irma hit Orlando and Miami ? Is Orlando at risk
The latest on #HurricaneIrma
Hurricane Irma tracker watch path of storm live ' via
My family in the #Bahamas are fully prepared for hurricane #Irma . They have to ride it out so let's hope they will
For Irma vs . Mar a Lago the smart $ $ is on Trump's house via FOX NEWS
The next tropical storm to blow up at Americas back door .
#BREAKING Hurricane Irma weakens to Category 4 ; Looting reported in St . Martin after storm
#BREAKING Hurricane Irma weakens to still powerful Category 4 storm . Latest track on 11 Morning News .
yes we do love Irma .
My house will not exist next week Florida Keys evacuees brace for Hurricane Irma
Hurricane Irma Sir Richard Branson says Necker Island ' utterly devastated ' by storm HE ROBS THE POOR " GET RICHER
Good morning Tampa Bay ! We will have Operation Storm Watch Hurricane Irma updates during .
Fla . sheriff vows ID checks for fugitives at Irma shelters #breakingnews by
There was a lot of praying after #Harvey . Then comes even more powerfull hurricane #Irma . #nothingfailslikeprayer
Nothing to see here move along thanks
Hurricane Irma Kills 14 In Caribbean Devastates Turks And Caicos Islands As It Heads For Florida #GeneralNews
#F4F #RT #news #Hurricane Irma Survivors describe ' total devastation ' BBC News
LIVE BLOG Irma preps in the Carolinas WCNC blog #mebot
Pope's Plane Shifts To Avoid Irma
Cuba Jamaica Dominican Republic and the Bahamas are also gonna endure Irma but they're not the US so watch No One talk about them
Every storm gives us the unique ability to come back stronger ! Stay safe and be strong #HurricaneIrma
Florida nuclear plants to shut ahead of Hurricane Irma Article AMP Reuters
I can't wait for Irma to swing by already
#Petition Rick Scott to pledge not to conduct immigration screenings at shelters for those fleeing #HurricaneIrma
This decision took too long frankly . Great " Group Of Five " matchup but #Irma is angry and coming to unleash hell .
Hurricane Irma Devastates Caribbean and Heads Toward Florida
Move over #hurricanes ... Meet the real #Harvey & #Irma married 75yrs #HurricaneHarvey #HurricaneIrma
Take Irma seriously ! Get out of Miami FL and surrounding areas . Take your pets or you will never see them again either ! #disasteriscoming
I hope Irma breaks only your phone for this . I hope it don't touch a hair on your head but I do hope it takes your
The line at #Wawa on jog and lake worth has gas and a very short fast line #Irma #hurricaneIrma
WATCH 5 a . m . advisory shows Irma decrease wind speed now Cat 4
You know we better start hearing the message .
Do you remember Hurricane Andrew 1992 ? Hurricane Irma likely to be far worse than monster Andrew ...
In 1992 Hurricane Andrew forever reshaped Florida but Irma looks ready to blow it out of the water #ROIMentor
Puerto Rico avoids the brunt of Hurricane Irma's wrath
Florida East Coast predicted to get 10 15 " of rain from #Irma .
Irma Looms as Mythical Big One Florida Has Long Feared
We don't know how bad Irma will be to us nor how long we will get resources .
Hurricane Irma pummels low lying Islands #HurricanIrma #HurricaneIrma2017
Supposed to be flying in Monday evening from London Irma permitting .
No ! Absolutely No ! If Your A Republican Shelter In Place Get Lots & Lots Of Booze Inv
Why aren't & wall to wall coverage of #ClimateChange when not covering
The Latest Irma weakens to Category 4 storm Fox News
YALL CAN KEEP GOING SHE COMING HERE
We will enjoy calm skies and sunshine this weekend ... keep those in Irma's path in your thoughts .
Thank you Jesus . She needs to get even weaker .
Prayers to all those in the Caribbean effected by #Irma . Please share information all and put social media to good use . 1
Broward County Mayor On Preparations For Irma
We live above the " t " in the word South in yhis graphic . Prayers are appreciated . #irma #pray #gonnagetrough
Here's another look at the bumper to bumper traffic in Central Florida . This is I 75 N near Ocala in Marion County .
Come on Florida stand your fucking ground
haha !
my nephew will be driving my sister will driving > new my bil will be driving > work Safety from #irma
Yes . Looks like Irma is going up the middle . Tpa floods even in a trop
#HurricaneIrma has been downgraded and is finally slowing down . Hoping it slows even more before it hits #Florida
Best wishes to everyone in Florida
Delta Airlines plane flies straight into Hurricane Irma and out again
To my friends in Florida . Please stay safe don't brave it out get out of Irma's path . Buildings can be replaced lost lives can't
OMG ..
Stop praying & get th f k out of the way of #irma ! #prayingdoesnothelp
It's going to be a bumpy ride
The massive record breaking Hurricane Irma is on its way to Florida
#Breaking Irma downgraded to category 4 storm but still " extremely dangerous " w 155 MPH winds
Are you saying that hey people of Florida should ignore Rush Limbaugh ? #hurricaneirma
Sending out all our love to #HurricaneIrma victims . Our thoughts and pray are with you .
in the UK has set up a hotline to call for assistance 44 0 207 008 0000 #BVI #Irma #Anguilla
New post Royal Caribbean To Evacuate Staff From Hurricane Irma On Luxury Cruise Ship has been published on N ...
Oh man ! Welcome to Palm Beach County ? Sorry you have to join our journo community during Irm
please do NOT spam your prayers and bs in the #HurricaneIrma or #hurricaneirma2017 hashtags we need those for important info not your bull .
You know there are other people in the Caribbean right ? Like Caribbeans
#hit Ral Porchetto Bailando En Las Veredas > < #NationalBeerLoversDay #drp17 #SiTuvieraTresDeseos #Irma
A 16 year old professional surfer has died while riding a wave in Barbados during Hurricane Irma
Due to Hurricane Irma all OCPS schools will be closed on Friday Sept . 8 and Monday Sept . 11 . Be safe Blue Darte
Good morning looks like I'm out of the line of fire with Irma thank God !
supplementary reading ISIS in Caribbean
Perhaps he's considering the enormous carbon footprint of his transportation business Necker destroyed by Hurricane
This is precisely how this storm should be described . #Irma #Tropics
The Latest Looting reported in St . Martin after Irma
Wow ! Hope all is well . #HurricaneIrma
We were due to fly to Tampa today which we've postponed . Can't understand why flights are still taking Brits to Florida #Irma
Trump on Irma hurricane " It looks like it could be something that will be not good . Believe me not good . " Fine deduction there Sherlock !
In that case #HurricaneSteak x
less than 48hrs till Irma
New forecast path brings Irma to our area as hurricane that is transitioning to tropical storm Mon night early Tue
It's true ... Hurricane Jose is right behind IRMA .. on the same path . Lord help us .
Yes so not normal . And now they're saying Irma is going to travel through Fla not coast . All the w
If anybody has any news about beaches resort #providenciales #turksandcaicos I would be v grateful . Got family staying there no news #irma
#HurricaneIrma will create jobs for #Dreamers that stay & amp ; so too #MexicoQuake for those deported . #PositiveThinking #ThursdayThoughts
#USA #TIME MAGAZIN #NEWS broadcast by #EMET NEWS PRESS Hurricane Irma Now a Category 4 Storm Slams the Turks ...
The latest The RG Daily International ! Thanks to #marketing #irma
So sad to think the beautiful islands we visited in the Caribbean in Feb have been destroyed by Hurricane Irma
#meme Local restaurant owner becomes subject of viral Hurricane Irma meme
Here at Pompano Bech a breezy very warm morn . I am here w getting ready for Irma . FB live around 6 3
#CCOT Extensive coverage of track impacts do NOT make ppl use logical judgement they still wait as long as possib
Are facebookers marking themselves as safe yet ? #HurricaneIrma
Once #irma hits US the coverage will fair outweigh when it destroyed lives of poor villagers in the Caribbean . Guarantee it .
Hurricane Irma slams Turks and Caicos on path to Florida CAIBARIEN Cuba AP Hurricane Irma battered the T ...
hah !
Hurricane Irma threatens power losses for millions in Florida has been added to my site . Please visit for details
Serve on have a team already there to help with the aftermath of Irma
TV
If Irma manages to wipe out Mar A Largo over the weekend I might start going back to church .
Hurricane Irma Devastates Caribbean and Heads Toward Florida New York Times #now #topstories
Hurricane Irma Potential Storm Surge Flooding Map
Ready to sit in the shower when Irma hits .
Unbelievable early morning traffic here on I 75 as thousands of Floridians head north ahead of #Irma . I'm live on
SonsOfAnarchyBikerSunglasses BuyNow #theellenshow #nyfw #temblor #usu #usc #lsu #irma #jlo
Jose Could Cause Problems for the Leeward Islands From The Weather Channel iPhone App
NOAA Hurricane Irma Potential Storm Surge Flooding Map
Praying for them All ! #Irma2017
Happy birthday stay safe stay dry Cheers !
NOAA Hurricane Irma Probabilistic Storm Surge Graphics
High school football Hurricane Irma compounds Southwest Florida scheduling playoff problems The News Press
praying for my home state
This product covers SOUTH FLORIDA MAJOR HURRICANE IRMA ON THE WAY TO SOUTH FLORIDA THIS WEEKEND NEW INFORMATIO
#HurricaneIrma is threatening millions of animals in its path . We are deploying our emergency disaster teams
This must be very ' taxing ' for this sun dried Bee gee !
This is so scary ! ! ! Praying for all my friends from Florida ! Stay safe !
How colleges are keeping students safe from #HurricaneIrma Today #environment
ISS passes over Hurricane Irma Sept . 5 via
IRMA STORMS AHEAD Hurricane takes direct aim at Florida after battering Caribbean islands #news
Hurricane Irma Graphics #ek3tech #ilovejax #stormwatch
HEADS UP Cassellberry Home Depot off 1792 opens at 6am . They have 9 pallets of water and 8 pallets of wood . #wftv #Irma
Unreal ! ! Irma means business ! 1 on the prayers .
If god's sending these storms can we just admit that it's not gays or abortion that's bringing them but TRUMP ?
FHP & Road Rangers continue to tow disabled abandoned vehicles from Turnpike to keep roadways clear for drivers . Dr
Hurricane Irma UPDATE Florida residents warned protect your families and get out
Newest tropical track from #NHC Hurricane Irma Graphics
I was suppose to get dreaded tomorrow but idk if Irma is gonna allow that .
Charlotte Motor Speedway to open campground for Irma evacuees
Every little helps #barbuda #HurricaneIrma #evacuation
Virgin Island Gov . Signs Confiscation Order Ahead of Hurricane Irma #gunsamerica
BBC News Hurricane Irma Survivors describe ' total devastation '
The latest The Jennifer Streaks Daily ! Thanks to #irma #hurricaneirma
#Texas #Weather US issues warning for Hurricane Irma US issues warning for Hurricane Irma ... the heels of Hurrica
The latest The Bronchial asthma Asthma treatment Respiratory problems Asthma specialist Daily ! #irma #marketing
nah you guys need to stop
. announces status of #Omani students in #US affected by #HurricaneIrma
Watch SpaceX successfully launches US Air Force's secret X 37B space plane ahead of Hurricane Irma
The latest models show Irma staying farther west than previously expected once she makes landfall in Florida .
Thousands Sign Petition to Change Hurricane Irma's Name to Ivanka Another onslaught from Hurricane Ivanka family
Prayers for everyone affected by Irma . With eyes wide open please be smart and stay safe .
Hurricane Irma downgraded to Category 4 models move it closer to Southwest Florida
Irma impact being felt in New York area
People are dead dying losing so much and you'd rather report this dickheads home which we don't care one bit abo
I75 North near Lake City is full of cars lines at gas stations some gas stations out of gas rest areas packed . #hurricaneirma2017
Irma was de meesteres op Sint Maarten ; ' It's the fucking apocalypse ' via
Hurricane #Jose to threaten rain wind across Leeward Islands following devastation from Irma
#news #summary #hurricane #irma pummels #turks and #caicos #islands
Are you sitting tight until post Irma or heading over ?
Me fail English ? That's unpossible ...
My love and condolences to those effected by #Irma #Harvey the #earthquake in . Mexico as well as Sierra Leone . A lot of lives lost
Sending thoughts and best wishes to all those in the path of Hurricane Irma
How'd I know that this would happen well good luck with that Donald you just made God mad
WSBTV reports Irma has been downgraded to a Cat . 4 hurricane but it's still dangerous . KatieWallsWSB has the la
Click HERE #Finance #Politics #Business Hurricane Irma Devastates Caribbean and Heads To
The latest nilorior telegram ! Thanks to travel #irma #tbt
Tormenta en el Atlntico Hurricane Irma Potential Storm Surge Flooding Map ms en
Jesus Mary and Joseph ...
Please be safe for Irma and evacuate if you needed .
Week in pictures From Hurricane Irma to DACA
The mother natura is anger
WSBTV reports As #Irma nears be sure you're tracking our local conditions with the Severe Weather Team 2 app !
Hurricane Irma downgraded to category 4 but officials warn it remains strong with sustained max winds of 155mp
Seriously ? I hope you have cancelled your trip to Florida . Hurricane Irma is scheduled t
Hopefully everybody leave the Islands before Hurricane Irma hit them . Come to the Northeast if you can it's much safer than to go to Miami .
The latest preparations for #HurricaneIrma now .
NJ couple moves Key West wedding to NYC due to Irma
Huricane Irma is trashing through the Atlantic earthquake in Mexico ... why is Corbyn not talking about it ?
Newz News
Weather History Okeechobee Hurricane 1928 DejaVu ? #HurricaneIrma taking same path now !
#FridayFeeling #pknt #ASAconf17 #CSRAwards2017 #Irma Dundalk Florida Pearse Station Donal McAnallen Almost 31
That is insane . Andrew was one of the main events of the 90s and absolutely devastating .
Friday Irma weakens to Category 4 storm but still targets Florida via Times
PHOTOS Beautiful Sisters Asha & Afiya Frank Feared Dead in Hurricane Irma Found Alive & Well ...
you going to bother to give your customers any updates on Irma and flying to Florida today or you just not bothering ?
If is so sure that #HurricaneIrma is a scam he should put his money where his mouth is and go to southern Florida . #moron
Atlantic issues storm watch for in 5am Friday update . #HurricaneIrma watch issued at 11pm Thurs
#Irma #Jose Oh no have just discovered this The Fujiwhara Effect
Prayers or all in Irma's path
Oil steady as Irma heads for Florida Saudi Arabia cuts supply via
To all you Trump haters . Yes he's my President and I live in Fl . After we eat and spit out hurricane Irma as an appetizer we're coming 4 u
Wow my mom just really gotta be in southern Florida as Hurricane Irma hits
Hurricane could prompt Canada to suspend deportations of failed asylum seekers CBC.ca
I'm not a meteorologist but " I'm the go to guy on hurricanes "
Cars line up at Florida petrol station before Hurricane Irma hits
#Climatechange is intensifying extreme weather events . See what experts say on hurricane #Irma
If climate change is a Chinese hoax China sure has made some incredible technological advances 2 influence weather on a global scale . #Irma
Barely a breath of air here in Ft Lauderdale . That will unfortunately change in a few days .
#HurricaneIrma Bracing for a hit feeling scared but I have faith in #God
Hurricane Irma Eye of the storm passes Hispaniola The International Space Station and an
Toyeen B's World 16 y . o pro surfer Zander Venezia dies while surfing in Barbados during #HurricaneIrma2017 #Irma
Hurricane Irma We deploy to protect the animals in its path
#HurricaneIrma downgraded to a Category 4 but leaves behind destruction in Caribbean
My thoughts and prayers go out to Virgin Gorda and all her warm and wonderful people
Hurricane Irma causes devastation on island
Nice day ahead ! Bright a bit breezy and cool but comfortable . Weekend call Irma latest on .
Irma is a bad ass bitch . Take her serious even if you're not on the coast . Hugo made me a believer .
Flights to Charlotte hotels fill up as people escape Irma via
#hurricaneirma2017 I am trying to be optimistic but I do think that its not as strong as they said it was going to be entering Florida
In case you missed this ..
51 foot waves off Boca ! ! ! Predicted
Better late than never . #HurricaneIrma
Irma could affect every major city in Florida ! !
#Irma #katia #Jose 2 #Earthquake over Mexico and the Pacific Ocean . WHAT THE HELL . ? !
Florida stores run out of supplies as residents prepare for Hurricane Irma
Aerial footage shows the sheer devastation in St . Martin caused by Hurricane #Irma barreling through . STOP TERR
Thank you . Make sure you have a backup plan if your power goes out ! #gawx #northgawx #Irma
Live Stream From St . Martin As Hurricane Irma Barrels Overhead
Richard Branson seeks to make the most of the tail end of Irma despite the protestations of his friends .
5 00 am update from the NWS on #HurricaneIrma . #PinellasIrma 5 00 am update from the NWS on #HurricaneIrma . #Pine
RT FT RT ftworldnews Hurricane Irma wreaks destruction as it ploughs through Caribbean
RT NHC Atlantic Here are the 5 AM EDT Key Messages for #Irma Here are the 5 AM EDT Key
Oil steady as Irma heads for Florida Saudi Arabia cuts supply from
RT WORLDSTAR RT cnnbrk Irma downgraded to Category 4 storm with maximum sustained winds reaching 155 mph Nation
Hurricane Irma devastates Caribbean heads to Florida
The #HurricaneIrma #Kimjongun #Trump and now even an 8.1 #earthquake close Chapas . What's going wrong ? #PrayForMexico
Mexico earthquake of magnitude 8.2 strikes Harvey Irma forest fires ... might we start working together now ?
On a personal note feeling really blessed . I finally heard from my family in St . Thomas . The island was devastated by Irma but they're safe
I am afraid of #Irma
Irma all hype ? 2 Florida conservatives 2 different views
About to show new video coming in overnight from Turks and Caicos Islands on ABC 7 News WJLA Irma StormWatch 7
the globalist terrorist squad . They're missing Hilary
Some Miami residents stay put and brace for Hurricane Irma including many who lack the money to flee Los Angeles Times
noelle What if someone's on bed rest and has a baby girl during this storm would you name her Irma ?
Hope they get the support they need asap
Just hurry up n hit the coast already #irma
Life is sad Life is a bust All ya can do is do what you must #Bucketsofrain #HurricaneIrma
I'm ready to fuckin die
Finally something decent and informative . #HurricaneIrma
Forex Dollar remains at over 2 year lows as markets brace for Irma
... if #Irma plows west into Cuba & weakens before turn north . Worst case is it stays mainly over water and eastern eyewall goes over Miami .
Traffic jam nightmares as Irma nears Florida via the Android app
Brutal . I'll never complain about farts in the Middle House ever again .
Havent heard from her yet . Im gettin very worried . Also Hurricane Irma tryin to hit FI got family out there as well uncle said this is it
The latest Behind TV ! Thanks to #hurricaneirma #journalism
Stayed for Matthew and will be here to greet Irma . Gotta stay here to help riding it out .
So worried Irma will hit New York jayy is due to fly out 9 11
Florida man selflessly gives last generator in store to crying woman as Hurricane Irma approaches
Some gas stations in Aiken are still out of gas as people prepare for Hurricane Irma . Tune into FOX 54 This Morning
The latest The World News Daily ! #irma #jakpost
Praying doesnt do shit . Stop relying on imaginary gods for everything . Action speaks louder than praying #Mexico #Earthquake #HurricaneIrma
Cat 5 is 157 mph so the difference is slim to drop #HurricaneIrma to Cat 4 . Still an extremely dangerous storm .
Irma Jose Katia ... Luke 21 ... Mathew 24 ... ?
#DACA #Trump #Resist IT'S A SHIRT ! ! GET IT HERE With Harvey And Now Irma Federal Funds And FEMA Are Put To T
This is horrific man . May Allah protect us all
The fact that Irma is gonna fuck my life up before I could get a mini me is killin my soul
Florida is working with Google Maps to mark road closures in real time during Hurricane Irma #FutureBusiness Di
All the people affected by Hurricane Irma stay safe & strong I'm very upset listening to this heart breaking news
1 Houston News Search Businesses Hurricane Irma weakens with max sustained winds of 155 mph Houston News & ...
NH emergency team prepares to help deal with Irma's impact WMUR Manchester
After Hurricane Irma Hits Barbuda A Frightening Silence
Hurricane Irma takes aim at Trump's Mar a Lago social media goes wild via the Android app
Google #HurricaneIrma Crisis and Warning Map for Florida #IrmaHurricane2017 #Irma2017
Hurricane Irma causing flight cancellations airport closures in Tampa Bay area Florida
U . S . getting fucking bombarded with natural disasters . Hang in there #Florida . #Irma
Worst years 2016 2017 #IrmaHurricane2017 #irma
Don't forget the SUN . It just sent us a Coronal Mass Ejection of plasma after a class X 9.3 solar flare on 9 6 .
Florida is working with Google Maps to mark road closures in real time during Hurricane Irma
Based on Harvey Irma estimates $ losses this yr may exceed 50 % of combined losses from US hurricanes since 1965 v
Hurricane #Irma's eye remains on track to pass mostly south of South Carolina though uncertainty remains #chswx
These are the kits going to the #Caribbean #hurricaneirma2017 from
WATCH LIVE CBS News Special Report Deadly quake hits off Mexico ; Hurricane Irma slams Caribbean on way to Florida
Everyone stay very safe during Irma ! Look out for one another
IndiaToday RT IndiaTodayFYI #HurricaneIrma is the strongest storm ever in the Atlantic and is expected to bring
hands down the most relatable irma tweet yet
While #Irma takes aim on #Florida #Hurricanes #Jose & #Katia are threatening land #BirthPaiN #Tribulation2017To2024
FIRST ALERT Remnants of Irma could affect us after all !
A Weaker Irma Moving Through The Bahamas After Pummeling TCI ; Jose Now A Category 3 Hurricane Caribbean 360
#MONEY #IRMA business People are struggling to get answers after the catastrophic hack at Equifax
Living in Michigan where the winter makes my face hurt doesn't seem so bad right now . #Irma is devastating .
Top story Vaughan Elder Abuse on Twitter " Plane flying through #HurricaneIrma see more
Follow Hurricane Irma Live feeling #sad #HurricaneIrma #Hurricane #IrmaFlorida #IrmaCuba
One of largest mass exoduses in nation's history ...
From Donald Trump to Johnny Depp all the celebrities affected by Hurricane Irma via
Florida Movie #Theaters Closing as #HurricaneIrma Approaches
The Globe and Mail #Oil steady as #Irma heads for Florida Saudi Arabia cuts supply Harvey shut 8 per cent ..
The Vatican rerouted the Pontiff's plan as a safety precaution to avoid Hurricane Irma while traveling to South ...
NOW ! & on the air talking #Irma and everything you need to know ! Join us !
Heart goes out to everyone who is and might suffer from hurricane irma . Take Care you guys .
HURRICANE IRMA predictive maps via
Courage is knowing what not to fear . Seems apropos in light of #irmageddon . Be safe #Florida ! #hurricaneirma #ancientwisdom
Jose grew up and became a hurricane . Lee is behind that . Irma hasn't even finished . Yet republicans will deny climate change tomorrow
The latest The Brandmark Daily ! #hurricaneirma #thebachelor
Put your final #HurricaneIrma plans in place ! If you're evacuating get up & go ! Gather your supplies & get to safe
I kno ur plans . I have PC's phone # & email . Once Irma is gone & power is on she will b called & all ur bs will be emailed b4 THE END !
You're a #Moron . Go listen to & read the transcript & you will
The New Tropic teamed up with NPR to help Florida residents find shelter from Hurricane Irma
Broward County Mayor On Preparations For Irma David Greene talks to Broward County Mayor
Irma's Winds And Florida's Infrastructure The National Hurricane Center says Irma's winds
UK territory declares state of emergency after Hurricane Irma leaves death and destruction
For Irma vs . Mar a Lago the smart $ $ is on Trump's house #news
wht will we see in triad wht empact from irma in triad ?
#HurricaneIrma Wind picking up now here on Stocking Island about 40 50 knots . Thunder and lightning .
Please do not ignore the safety of your canine and feline companions as you hunker down . #Irma
As es como Richard Branson enfrent al huracn Irma
Irma will ride up the spine of Fla meaning both east coast & west coast of Fla INCLUDING all inland areas of fla will get Hurricane winds
Hurricane IRMA is coming to Florida via
As the evacuation zones grow so do shelter openings
The latest Noticias Mundiales ! #lomsvisto #irma
All right Florida I don't wanna hear no people need to be saved shit y'all knew damn near a week in advance to get
Here is the latest forecast for Hurricane #Irma . On the current track impacts to NC will be greatest across the we
Fox Extreme Weather Center Tracking Hurricane Irma
Praying for all those impacted by #hurricaneirma2017
Welp this makes me wanna throw up .
The latest Grande Prairie Education ! Thanks to weber 7 #irma
Ignoring what prompted this yes Trump has balls . Problem is they are where his brain should be . He's a dangerous
Hope everyone gets out.They said " If you ignore evacuation and stay don't bother calling 911 bc no one will answer "
Hurricane Irma Trail of devastation across Caribbean as strongest ever Atlantic storm wreaks havoc latest news
Richard Branson's island ' completely devastated ' by Hurricane Irma via
Dangerous winds storm surge threaten Florida even as Irma weakens to Category 4 ABC News via
Only thing really concerning me is the rain of mobile home parts sure to pelt my home ? We're surrounded by #MHPs ! #Irma #TampaBay
If only we all bought solar panels then their would be no more Huracanes .
The latest Miami's Creative Visitors Guide ! Thanks to #irma #hurricaneirma
The latest The Ivan Trajkovic Daily ! Thanks to #irma #hurricaneirma
Richard Branson Tweets Photo Of Braving Hurricane Irma
9060816381 9867340 8 RT com DEVELOPING #HurricaneIrma weakens to Cat 4 storm remains a powerful #hurricane as it batters Caribbean RT
When #Irma makes landfall and they know better where to go State and National Guard will kick in .
#NWT DOLCE & GABBANA Bag AGATA Mosaic Print Caiman Crocodile Hand Purse #irma
Don't let #Irma make you #squirm ! Follow the link in my profile . #IrmaHurricane #hurricane #FEMA
Irma is as wide as the en tire state of Florida . The entire state will be affected . #IRMA
This storm is no joke make sure you're prepared as it approaches this weekend . Text TampaReady to 888 777 for ale
#Irma is a biatch
This public service announcement is to help Florida people understand the hurricane rating system ahead of Irma ! P
Tune into today we have & on the ground in Florida bracing the arrival
I can't recommend this article enough the defining issue of our times written about in a vital brilliant way
FoxNews Florida prepares for direct hit from Irma
Caribbean Relief Resources donations prayers for islands impacted by #HurricaneIrma .
I don't want to be anywhere near this storm . Why is TN now in the cone ... #HurricaneIrma
Good checklist of how to prepare for an emergency #hurricane no matter which one
NO plans to shut down at Walt Disney World Universal Orlando as Irma nears
Timing for impacts regarding #Irma trending a little later with rain beginning Monday late morning early afternoon
Hurricane warnings for Florida fuel more evacuations as Irma looms offshore World
Top story Gene Sloan on Twitter " BULLETIN As of 5 00 pm fixing #Irma had cl see more
Joe's cousin just left Miami to get out of the path of #HurricaneIrma . Safety & safe evacuation to everyone !
The Latest Irma sets record for 37 hours of super strength
Floridians are facing a life threatening storm in Hurricane Irma and every family must prepare to evacuate
The latest The Peter Beck Kim Daily ! Thanks to #irma #ai
Miami Is in Deadly Hurricane Irmas Sights
some " good " news but don't take it slightly its still dangerous !
Photos Dutch Military Arrive In St Maarten To Handle Hurricane Irma And To Probably Face
Traffic Preps Underway for Hurricane Irma #News19 #SCNews #SCTweets
Hurricane Irma is on track to hit Miami early Sunday morning . The storm is blamed for at least 11 deaths
Good news Irma is a 4 bad news it moved further west . Just went out to gas up and Gas still an issue . Gas buddy ...
#hurricaneirma2017 on track to go up the center of Florida this weekend
#Bucs #Buccaneers Hurricane Irma threatens NFL game and fantasy football #SportsRoadhouse
Labriola on being all in Irma tag teaming
Irma weakens to category 4 storm
Meet Harvey and Irma . Married for 75 years . #TheCutest #RVA
The NHC 5am forecast has Irma holding the same track maximizing Miamis storm surge and hitting both of Florida
Paul Close with the National Weather Service gives us our 6 a . m . Irma Update LISTEN LIVE
Hurricane Irma Now a Category 4 Storm Barrels Toward Florida by THE NEW YORK TIMES via NYT The New York Times
Likely to see 1 3 inches of rain across central NC with locally higher amounts . Urban Small Stream and minor river
The latest The French Solutions Daily ! Thanks to Translate #xl8 #irma
you really should reconsider your pet policy for people trying to escape #hurricaneirma2017
Jose better spin back where he came from ... Irma is already doing more than enough damage .
6 000 Americans stranded in St . Martin #Irma #HurricaneIrma
Hurricane Irma Saint Martin before and after historic storm
Ever thought you were crazy thinking the ground shakes quakes in storm weather ? Well you're not . #Irma #Mexico
Hurricane Harvey flooding hurricane Irma hurricane Jose and Katia earthquake tsunami and we are pulling back from climate agreements ?
Tory definition of " humanity " must be interesting .
THE LATEST TRACK #HurricaineIrma
Irma Update Thursday September 7 via #climate
Just making sure my favorite band is safe during #Irma .
Been watching tv trying to get my mind off of #Irma but the reality of it is I may not have a home tomorrow . #prayforTexas #prayforFlorida
Hurricane Irma is so close to Florida and if it does come to florida there's a high chance its going to come in my area
Hurricane #Irma has the potential of affecting every major city in Florida via
One instance where the use of the phrase Holy Moly is totally appropriate ...
I just found this mailbox covered with plastic in Belle Glade FL . Being protected from the
Scary ! ! Prayers for all in the paths of these storms !
THE PEOPLE IN FLORIDA I FEELING THAT EVERYONE TO HELP YOU AND WE WILL ALWAYS THINKING ABOUT PEOPLE IN FLORIDA PLEASE #HurricaneIrma
Less than 500 miles from Miami now . Irma flwx
Dangerous Hurricane Irma has winds this morning of 155mph . The forecast brings it right up the middle of the state
#news The officers put to appear on this with Facebook a lot of Irma .
CBSNews Hurricane Irma is on track to hit Miami early Sunday morning . The storm is blamed for at least 11 deaths
Hope all people survive in whole world hope peace surrounds who are suffering . #Irma
Hurricane Irma Now a Category 4 Storm Barrels Toward Florida by THE NEW YORK TIMES via NYT
Check this out " Hurricane Irma Now a Category 4 Storm Barrels Toward Florida "
Hurricane Irma a Potentially Devastating Category 4 Strike on South Florida Sunday After Raking Through the ...
IRMA now a category 4
More volunteers are needed for the #HurricaneIrma Relief efforts in Augusta .
Harvey and Irma Married 75 Years Marvel at the Storms #trendy #news #allsorce #trends #trending #blog #blogs
That will be more devastating than Hurricane IRMA
If my people who are called by my name would humble themselves and pray and seek my face ... 2Chron7 14 #Irma
The Friday 5 am Advisory on #Irma is in . Now a Category 4 storm as it closes in on South Florida . The latest c
My home the BVI has been utterly destroyed by this storm
be the Jose to my Irma
Photos The Atrium St Maarten After Hurricane Irma
#Irma is expected to hit #Miami #Sunday morning . via #WBZ
#learnforex Irma on Collision Course With Miami After Wrecking Caribbean #trading
current mood ima go pick a fight with hurricane irma
Final #irma update from #lakeworth heading to higher ground today . Looks like #hurricaneirma
#morningjoe Irma now cat 4 Watch it take a right turn when it hits Cuba and goes out to the ocean
This moron once misspelt ' tap ' . English clearly isn't his first language .
Updated ABTA's statement on Hurricane Irma with advice for customers
They can afford the $ 1000 plane tickets .
Hurricane Irma's storm path What you should know Fox News
Should have been running in St John US Virgin Islands tomorrow . Thoughts are with those affected by Hurricane Irma .
WATCH 2 a . m . update Hurricane Irma is 535 miles east of Miam ...
Hurricane Harvey Irma Californian wildfires yet by and large media fail to give context of man made climate change
Hurricane Irma Weakens to Category 4 on Path to Florida
September 8 Trudeau defends the proposed tax changes Irma continues to wreak havoc and what's happening at TIFF .
#Pet shelters filling as #Animals evacuate for Irma too WATE 6 On Your Side
#Texasnavy showin ' love we're comin ' for you #Florida #FloridaStrong and all points south prayers up !
Ti thch video MUST WATCH SHOCK ! ! Hurricane Irma Passing over Caribbean Island of Barbuda trn
Keeping everyone affected in our thoughts at this sad & difficult time #StaySafe #HurricaneIrma
Per Zinaman who lives is DR . " To everyone concerned about the impact of Hurricane Irma on North Coast of the ...
Next on is stuck in Turks and Caicos with #IRMA hitting . He calls in Right Now ! Tune In !
The latest The Janice Barker Daily ! Thanks to #cumbria #hurricaneirma
PrisonPlanet Another thing leftists and ISIS have in common . #anythingbutislam #religionofpeace #maga #isis
i probably won't be on much sunday and next week . irma's suppose to hit me
Ti thm video vo danh sch pht Irma heads for Bahamas Cuba leaving devastation in its
GoldingBF RT Reuters Hurricane Irma kills 14 in Caribbean as it heads for Florida #Hurr
Irma Florida under hurricane watch as storm eyes U . S . #IrmaHurricane2017 #Irma
Hurricane Irma forcing mandatory evacuations in Georgia South Carolina
The latest New Hope & Freedom Daily ! Thanks to #hurricaneirma #irma
Yesterday #SCGuard Soldiers made final checks on aircraft in anticipation of #Irma impacts on #SC . #AlwaysReady
Five former presidents get together without Trump to pledge help for Texas expanded to include Hurricane #Irma
Hurricane Irma Whats Happened and Whats Next by CHRISTINE HAUSER via NYT U . S . via
Irma is going to hell
Florida State football recruiting news Saturdays FSU football game cancelled
No Tricks Zone Bad Luck Monster Hurricane Irma Could Rack Up $ 1 Trillion In Damages ! #BBCqt #Labour #r4today #tory
and that's for this Irma ... they are probably gonna be fine regardless
Liberty NH Trucks roll at 5 30 this morning headed to Florida to help with hurricane Irma .
#MiamiDade #miamibeach #MiamiDadeCounty IF YOU NEED A #HEAVYEQUIPMENT #OPERATOR FOR #DEBRIS REMOVAL FOR #IRMA LET
Another thing leftists and ISIS have in common . PrisonPlanet
Behind the scenes of CBS 12 weather with the latest track for Hurricane Irma
#IRMA latest from Miami tells us it's getting harder to find gas & some people are waiting an hour at st
Dangerous winds storm surge threaten Florida even as Hurricane Irma weakens to Category 4
#bigdata Irma's wind data will help insurers prepare for next storm
How You Can Prepare to Evacuate Your Home for a Hurricane via
Getting ready for #Irma . Follow my weather station at for as long as my power internet holds out
InfoWars Historical Hurricane Carribean Islands Flattened By Category Six Irma As She
Does anyone know where the FUCK Irma is
InfoWars Historical Hurricane Carribean Islands Flattened By Category Six Irma As She Flies Toward Florida ...
OK first Irma now this ? So sad
Miami is in the ' worst possible position ' as Irma shifts via
Turks and Caicos Islands hit by Hurricane Irma
Me watching
Playing #Fallout4 to prep for the #nuclearwar that will happen after #HurricaneIrma #StaySafe
Serious shelter game here . Iced PSL in the cooler . Batteries Off cash . #HurricaneIrma we're ready . Unbowed . Flo
Dumain Nothing Will Turn Texas & Florida BLUE Faster Than Taking Away ACA After H
Trump deal with Democrats will be bamboozled just as he Bamboozled his own party Trump can never be trusted cyclone Irma Andrew hurricane
I'm praying for everyone out there ... god is with us guys plus we SOFLO Yo Irma ain't got shit on us guys ... keep in contact with family
Hill > Savannah Ga Is A Big Factor Concerning Irma Aswell ! ! !
Be careful out there . I heard Irma is kickin butt and taking no prisoner's .
It's called #climatechange
I'd care more ... but he's destroying the NHS so ...
Don't remember seeing Irma in the bible .
Mm Many Indians trapped there need help .
Smh that's my city
And sometimes we just have to stop and savor the small stories ...
Prayers up ! But whatever Irma brings us we're ready .
The harrowing scenes in #SaintMartin before and after #HurricaneIrma
Wow good luck to the people of Florida !
Hurricane Irma slams into Caribbean
Hey let's support The City of Houston Share this if you like it . IRMA DAMAGE In Saint Martin
Hurricane Irma and Equifax Data Breach 5 Things You Must Know
are we really making a joke out of this ? ?
I knew it was going to be like this for the islands but doesn't make it easier to hear
still no good . expecting some intensification to category 5 due to very warm waters of the Florida Straits
Hurricane Irma is quickly approaching are your pets prepared for an emergency ? Learn how >
Interesting since so many people I know had their flights that were scheduled for today out of S FL canceled ...
The latter will have more impact on Humanity
It looks like it could be something that will be not good . expressing his concerns about Ghost Dad 2 and also Hurricane Irma .
there's a lot to pray about our peoples directly in the path of irma who already suffered and those yet to experien
Hurricane Harvey Hurricane Irma Tropical Storm I don't know but I think we got start changing before it's late
#hit Mecano Ay Que Pesado > < #NationalBeerLoversDay #drp17 #SiTuvieraTresDeseos #Irma
Praying for everyone down south in Caribbean Mexico the keys FL TX all affected by #HurricaneIrma
I am so scared for my friends and family and all in the #HurricaneIrma path that I can barely breathe .
#bfmvolvo #DuskTillDawn #kltu #APFF #WanitaBantahPolitikToksik Dr M Anwar Fenty Beauty China Hurricane Irma 77
Historical documents covered #hurricaneirma #huckinsyacht Huckins Yacht Corporation
NEW Advisory Cat 4 & 155 Listen to all warnings . #pray forFlorida . #Irma #miamibeach #SouthFlorida
Good Morning . As we watch Irma Jose & Katia & now earthquake in Mexico more than ever forget politics
Brian Shields is so comforting during this rough time #HurricaneIrma #Florida
North Carolina we doged Irma !
Check out this ad #OneAmericaAppeal this is how presidents should act . Refreshing .
Market Snapshot Wall Street stocks set for losses as life threatening Irma aims for Florida via
Since I slept the I 95 hurricane changed its mind to hop off on I 4 and then up I 75 to see Elvis
Just closed on my house less than a month ago in Florida and the track of Irma may just destroy it before I have to make a mortgage payment
#SaudiArabia will cut crude #Oil allocations to its customers worldwide #EgyptToday #Florida #Irma #NHC #EIA
#Anguilla has been devastated and will need all the help it can get to rebuild lives . Please donate !
Hurricane Irma lashes Caribbean islands Florida braces for hit
Hurricane Irma lashes Caribbean islands Florida braces for hit Via . com
Hurricane Irma slams Caribbean heads for Florida via
#FlGovScott Please . Gas Open Lanes Order Major Evacuation Why ? IRMA Track Remember ' Andrew ' ? SAVE LIVES EVACUA
#HurricaneIrma update Rosa so a man Miami airport is reportedly crying b c may miss son's wedding due to flight cancelled . Oh well !
. CBSThisMorning is tracking #Irma as the dangerous Category 4 storm approaches Florida after slamming the Caribbea
Jordan
Watch Nuclear #HurricaneIrma Man made Mayhem or Mother Nature ? You Decide on YouTube
NPR RT nprpolitics With Harvey And Now Irma Federal Funds And FEMA Are Put To The Test
Meet the other Harvey and Irma who have been married for 75 years
#hurricaneirma2017 my question is which model do you like
The tiny islands ravaged by Irma are in trouble as Hurricane Jose looms
childs > I agree ! Savannah GA is A BIG Problem If Hurricane IRMA TURNS ! ! !
#hit Jos Jos LAGRIMAS > < #NationalBeerLoversDay #drp17 #SiTuvieraTresDeseos #Irma
Please Ladies take car there with that IRMA Hurricane ! ! !
WLTX Hurricane Irma churns through Caribbean on way to Florida #News19 .
Apart from Miami due to Irma I'm trying to decide where to spend my holidays during the next three weeks
RT cnnphilippines " Hurricane Irma closing in on Florida #CNNPHNewsNight live
News . CarlHigbie on Hurricane Irma " The entire region is pretty much gonna get laid down by this rain and the s
Update from BaltWash on potential impacts of #Irma in our area #Loudoun
KCTV 5 ' s is a Miami native w family in Irma's path . Here are images of their boarded up home & traffic
Richard Branson emerges from wine cellar bunker after Irma " devastated " his private island
Airlines cap fares add seats to scheduled flights as Irma bears down on Florida
Hurricane Irma slams Turks and Caicos on path to Florida weakens to Category 4
I really really hope that #Jose misses Barbuda because there isn't much left . What else can you say in these circumstances ? #DRR #Irma
A big fuck you to Irma and Jose
D Trump Hurricane Irma Trump HATERS hope Hurricane Irma destroys Trump Mar a Lago Resort Florida ! !
#HurricaneIrma send a hercules plane down now to evacuate Floridians
Show me on the map where #Irma touched you inappropriately #WhatILearnedToday
#MorningBlend is LIVE on 96.9 . " In The News " #HurricaneIrma weakens slightly now a very strong category 4 as is ...
The Sigit Times ! is out . #irma #cmworld
The path is further west now ... my city might still get something ... but there's less of a chance now .
Here's the latest run from one of the most reliable hurricane models A major hurricane looks likely for Florida st
Hurricane irma well spent in the Atrium hope yall was all safr out dere
Powerful Category 4 Hurricane Irma is moving between Cuba and the southern Bahamas . No impacts to the local area ar
The devastation on Tortola might rival St . Martin . Video is heartbreaking .
Irma causes at least 3 deaths in Caribbean as Florida Georgia SC brace for storm
British territory declares emergency after Hurricane Irma moves Northwest of the region
#MONEY #IRMA business Hurricane Irma heads for Miami Bloomberg business September 8
Florida Keys woman who hasn " t evacuated in 51 years " I " m not staying for Irma " #H10
#DeathOfTheRepublic Irma smashes Caribbean on the way to Florida #TheResistance will #MAGA
As travelers flee Hurricane Irma police shoot man on tarmac at Miami airport Chicago Tribune #vrai777 $ v
The foolish see the tempest and do not lie down . The warning is also for them .
Hurricane Irma Now a Category 4 Storm Barrels Toward Florida
IRMA CAME IN LIKE A WRECKIIING BALLLLLLLL
THE INDIPENDENT Hurricane Irma 175mph winds leave British territory Turks and Caicos Islands destroyed as government declares national s
RT FoxNews " . CarlHigbie on Hurricane Irma " The entire region is pretty much gonna get laid down by this rain and
Soooo relieved Irma veered north . Small trees bushes plantain and banana trees fallen . An out of reach passion fruit vine came down .
#Irma weakens on the way to Miami but hurricane may wash away buildings via NBCNews #Cl
IRMA at 5 am on Friday Sept 8 2017 . The prediction has shifted a bit toward the West
I may be going to hell in a bucket at least I'm enjoying the ride . You should really consider the circus it jus
#Resist #DACA #WomensMarch IT'S A SHIRT ! ! GET IT HERE . CarlHigbie on Hurricane Irma " The entire region is pr
Starting to slightly panic #HurricaneIrma
Hurricane Irma heads for Miami
Comcast opens free Wi Fi hotspots in Florida ahead of Irma
As travelers flee Hurricane Irma police shoot man on tarmac at Miami airport Chicago Tribune
RT AMHQ Now a Category 4 #Irma tied as the 2nd longest lasting Atlantic Category 5 hurricane on record .
#USNews Hurricane Irma update What forecasters now expect in the Charlotte region Char
Our prayers are with the people in areas hit or about to be hit by hurricane Irma and the victims of Rohingya .
Irma showed up on seismometers a few days ago today we get massive #magnitude 8.4 in Mexico w aftershocks to come . #climatechange is real .
Kevin Smith thinks God wont protect mom from Irma after Dogma ' .. Related Articles
Irma causes evacuation of Trump's $ 200m Mar a Lago estate
. CarlHigbie on Hurricane Irma " If you know people that are in Florida give them a place to stay to get out of th
Nice move may the Hurricane get cool and cute and cooler
Straight up the middle of the peninsula NHC says as of 5 AM Friday . That will make it both an Atlantic and Gulf h
USA America Lord Jesus Christ
business Hurricane Irma heads for Miami
Such unbelievable footage of #Irma's wrath . Thinking of my family in Haiti those already struck in Caribbean . P
Our thoughts are with our members and colleagues in Florida and throughout the Caribbean affected by hurricane #Irma .
#Traffic jam nightmares as Irma nears Florida
Did you see the difference between Andrew 1992 and Irma 2017 the size of the eye is crazy
Its Absolute Devastation and This Is No Hyperbole
thelift is closely monitoring #hurricane #Irma . Details on weatherchannel app #HuricaneIrma
The latest Inspiring Authors & Writers Daily ! Thanks to #publishing #irma
The more you pay attention to your surroundings the safer you will be Jane Hagar . Stay safe ! #hurricaneirma
Hurricane Irma update " Its like someone with a lawn mower from the sky has gone over the island "
Google Maps marks real time Florida road closures during Hurricane Irma
When an unwanted guest turns up to the party with their bredrins
This is my America
Cutting my holiday short and heading home from JFK is looking like a feasible option . I'll have to wait and see what Hurricane Irma does .
We are all still watching and protesting Just dealing with Harvey wild fires and now prepping f
FoxNews . CarlHigbie on Hurricane Irma " If you know people that are in Florida give them a place to stay to get
I pray this storm just dissipate #hurricaneirma2017 D
note this path
The latest The BizTweet Daily ! Thanks to #travel #irma
Reminder roads are built this way ON PURPOSE . Thanks Central Planning Department !
Troglodytes were quite smart living underground in past warmer more carbon waste filled eras of passing storm lifte
You could do hurricane Irma or which one you want at this point since there's like 3 now
Georgia South Carolina and North Carolina have been warned of ' life threatening flash floods & mudslides ' #Irma
If you're still in #southflorida GTFO . Seriously . Leave . You're risking your life this is not like past storms in FL #Miami #HurricaneIrma
From P & C Hurricane Irma's eye remains on track to pass mostly south of South Carolina though uncertainty remains
The Latest Irma could grow stronger before reaching Florida
Great but they're all wealthy what are THEY donating ? All living U . S . presidents rally to help hurricane victims
hmm so I guess I'll Netflix's and chill that on Monday ? !
Hurricane Irma Devastates Caribbean and Heads Toward Florida New York Times News US
Prayers up to everyone in Mexico and surrounding areas affected by the quake to all in Irma's path . #FuerzaMxico
Retweeted ITV News British military joins Hurricane Irma relief effort
You know hurricane is going to be bad when shows up in your town . He is in Florida . #hurricaneirma2017
There's an actual couple who's names are Harvey 102 and Irma 93 of Spokane Washington .
Hurricane Irma slams Turks and Caicos causes widespread devastation in Caribbean w video
Nasa explains very simply why Hurricane Irma is so violent ... #D8
Not from Irma yet ... that starts Sunday !
#lifehack for us Floridians in #Irma's path Bring bike equestrian hockey helmets inside . Wear during our " ride " this weekend .
Hurricane Irma Pummels Caribbean and Churns Toward Florida
Hope he saved some ' cause Irma's pissed off & might drop by uninvited . Trump " Climate Change is fake news . " Mama N
Do you know your Evacuation Zone ? Plug in your address here #flwx #evacuation
Here comes the sun little darling #Irma #Haiti #nofilter #sunrise
i made peep holes so i can see whats going on outside #hurricaneirma2017
A SUPERVOLCANO ? ! Omg do I have to go to work today ? It's clearly the apocalypse today . Can I stay in bed ?
Calm after the storm . Dawn breaks after #hurricaneirma #dominicanrepublic #santodomingo #newday
This is the American people we know . Not the hate mobs .
EVACUATION are underway for the arrival of Hurricane #Irma
Tech companies rise to help Florida weather Irma #Tech #Cars
Rooms in Atlanta are $ 300 night now & Irma will hit there anyway as a tropical storm . Atlanta
Theme Parks Hotels and Resorts Prepare For Hurricane Irma's Arrival #HotelReservationSoftware #HotelBookingEngine
Hes a kid ... Death is a steep price to pay for a child's stupidity .
Irma has weakened .
Florida storm warning as Hurricane Irma approaches #Travel News And Tips Sleekarena Medi
Hurricane Irma Live Tracker Updates 9 8 2017 Category 5 High Def Lastest News YouTube
That's very nice but you worry about you for now coz Irma .
#Irma has decreased to a CAT 4 with Maximum sustained winds are near 155 mph 250 km h with higher gusts .
It was ten years ago .
Sending positive vibes and prayers to all who are in the path of #HurricaneIrma
Hurricane Irma Caribbean Footage
I look at this map and think " Well I guess I'm not running on Tuesday then . " #runchat
Trump Urges Strong Warning to Families as Hurricane Irma Targets U . S .
Scot's concern despite Hurricane Irma evacuation
If I survive Irma my birthday is going to be so most indubitably illuminated of #2018
Friday 8 9 2017 the sharemarket closed lower Hurricane Irma missile testing Nth Korea insurers building supplies
Help people understand #Irmas path by using data storytelling with #KML
In the midst of everything a smile is allowed .
The #World needs to start holding hands instead of fighting . #HurricaneHarvey #HurricaneIrma #Mexico
Liberal fairies offended again . I'm in path of #Irma heard song on radio while filling sandbags & had a good chuckle .
ATF Looters in Houston Snatch Up 100 Guns Florida FFLs Prepare for Irma ! #gunsamerica
Hurricane IRMA To Take Down 19 Nuke Power Plants That Will Cause The Collapse Of The Dollar
Keeping an eye on Irma forced me to miss the Patriots losing ... somehow that bugs me more than Miami game being rescheduled
NBCNEWS reports RT TODAYshow Today on TODAY alroker and LesterHoltNBC are live in Miami with the latest on #Hurr
Update on Hurricanes Irma Jose and Katia #hamr #hamradio
In 1992 Hurricane Andrew forever reshaped Florida but Irma likely to break all its records
Blasted storm is actually following me wtf
The UK is working quickly to provide relief to those affected by Hurricane Irma in the Caribbean Islands and Britis
So if I'm on the west side of Georgia will I be okay ? Asking as a person who has to deal with this alone .
au I thought this was the eye of Irma
' Whole houses ' swept away by Irma on Branson's island
6am . #House boarded . Well we are still going to get hit with #Catagory 4 . We are in #evacuation zone . #HurricaneIrma
Disney world is open ... for now ... but Irma would be the fifth hurricane to cause it to close since it opened in 1971 .
The latest Science & Technology News ! Thanks to #irma
#breakingnews #news Hurricane Irma affecting flights in Maine
Looks like Mon and Tues I'll have to walk outside with rocks in my pockets ... #Irma
Seems to be a standard talking point for no action . Translation We will talk about it never . #Resist
The #Irma cone changed at 11 pm . It only worries me due to trees or power outage . Our son has to work Sunday . His job helps people .
Uh HELLO ! Has anybody ever heard of Georgia ? You know the largest state east of the Mississi
#BREAKING Hurricane Irma is moving through southeastern Bahamas as an extremely dangerous Category 4 hurricane ...
jim 87 Regardless of category it is still catastrophic maybe due to slowing and eye wall replacement . Irma will
Why does every woman on Fox look like she's a televangelist's wife from Chattanooga . Just saying .
Fell asleep watching the news channel had an epic Hurricane Irma dream . I didn't drown and there were no snakes . I consider that a win .
5 30am Current IRMA track over the Florida Keys right through Florida Sunday and early Monday . Stronger Than Harvey .
How's it going ? Assume you've been allocated safe accommodation . #StaySafe
The latest on Hurricane Irma from GMA . Doc
PLEASE HELP & SHARE I'm donating an original piece of my art work to help hurricane Irma victim's .
I am worried about Irma . Are you following the hurricane ?
Where you can find sandbags throughout the Tampa Bay area ahead of #HurricaneIrma
Thank you . We are in the path of IRMA . No rental vehicles available to Leave . No Buse
A vast majority of hotels in Lee County DO NOT WAIT LIST . For every one that does literally already fifty asked minutes prior to you . #irma
Maastricht Weather MIAMI Hurricane Irma weakens to a Category 4 storm as it batters the Caribbean ; remains a
A reminder to all news organizations ... Dont use the word downgraded when the event will still have catastrophic
The latest El Twittario comanche ! Thanks to #irma #educacin
Hurricane Irma barreling toward Mar a lago . #morningjoe
It's literally gonna go straight through TN ...
How to make your Hurricane Irma insurance claim go smoothly as possible
Extremely disappointed by the price gouging ! 3 tix from Florida . Price rose $ 600 in less than 3 mins . #disappointed #HurricaneIrma
Prayers for those in the path of Irma . May God protect the ones who are forgotten .
Watching the Hurricane Irma coverage on CNN and ... I'm sorry ... I'm only human ... Chris Cuomo is wearing a tight t shirt and it's gooooood !
Hurricane #Irma is a powerful Category 4 with winds of 155 mph early this morning . #tropics
' Governor urges South Carolina residents to be ready for evacuations '
RT TheNextWeb " Google Maps marks real time Florida road closures during Hurricane Irma
#TybeeIsland MANDATORY evacuations start at 8 . Don't ignore please go . Even a shift in forecast doesn't guarantee
Florida man selflessly gives last generator in store to crying woman as Hurricane Irma
Did Hurricane Irma Cause The Mexico Earthquake ? It All Comes Down To The " Ring Of Fire " Bustle
Four year old helps with sandbags in the Bahamas before Hurricane Irma LiveLeak Download RT Free DL
Hurricane Irma evacuates Trumps winter White House CLICK BELOW FOR FULL STORY ...
I'm standing in long line for Hurricane #Irma supplies desperate and in fear of losing everything soon . You know like how #DACA kids feel .
Please pray for Florida ! ! ! I have a lot of friends and family down there directly in the path of Irma ...
So close to the record !
And ... its coming right for us . Even in Central Florida
. on #Periscope After Making Caribbean Islands Uninhabitable Category 6 Mega Storm Irma Targets Flo
Team wade is praying for the Texas hurricane victims and all in the wake of Irma .
The reckless disregard for the environment and debate is terrifying . Climate change is the most important issue we '
My daughter is on coral springs riding it out . I wish she wasn't . I am so grateful for your leadership MR . PRESIDEN
As it goes through ERC Irma's CDO has expanded further .
What the heck is a " tropospheric gravity wave " ? #irma is nuts .
At this time yesterday Irma's hurricane winds extended 50 mi from center now 70 mi . Peak winds lower but storm not necessarily weaker .
any possibility the north korea hbomb test affeceted the intensity of irma or the quake in mexico today .
The insanity of evac a large portion of Fl will need to be mitigated after Irma . New building standards to shelter in place should happen .
News Daily Hurricane Irma and tsunami warning BBC News
My nerves are killing me Jesus please protect our families from this evil #HurricaneIrma
#HurricaneIrma Get your pets to a safe place . Have food any meds toys ; make sure they're microchipped & the info
So inspiring in a time of stress and organized chaos
Small difference between " can't " and " won't "
The differences between a CAT 1 CAT 2 CAT 3 CAT 4 and CAT 5 hurricane
Guys maybe Mother Earth is trying to tell us something ...
N . B . man scrambles to reach friends at Haitian school named after Mountie during Hurricane Irma ...
is adjusting their store hours due to #HurricaneIrma . Please share ! #flapol #sayfie #Florida
Barbudans try to save their children and pray for deliverance as the island is pounded by hurricane #Irma
got a chick i call her katia she be actin boujee
Even has hurricane fatigue as #irma is not trending right now
So given that Irma was 340 miles away his tragic accident had nothing to do with the hurricane . #sensationalism
Here's a half minute highlighting Chicago's weather and the latest on Cat 4 Irma . Tune in to Fox 32 for more .
#HurricaneAndrew left vs . #HurricaneIrma right
Quick dip by the pool today before Hurricane Irma
GeneralNews bot Version 1.00 Coded in NodeJS powered by
Pruitt 1 I know you will represent Indiana well . Be safe and remember your self care . #IRMA
With our offices in Tampa under evacuation orders for #IRMA All services will continue to be available w
Tropical triple threat Hurricanes Jose and Katia could join Irma striking land this weekend The Washington Post
Updates On #HurricaneIrma via Operation Storm Watch Twice An Hour ! ! ! Every Hour ! ! !
As Floridians flee the state ahead of #Irma many are stuck without gas . shows us how officials are r
Irma weakened to a still powerful Category 4 storm early Friday as max sustained winds decreased to about 155 mph
Last beautiful sunrise for awhile #Irma
Hurricane Irma downgraded to Category 4 but still ' extremely dangerous ' #News #Money #Finance #BreakingNews
Key message from me reduction in intensity from Cat 5 to Cat 4 does NOT impact the level of #irma's potential cat
SOUTH BEACH MIAMI BEACH on Collins St . is very quite as thousands have evacuated and others finish preps for
What we know about Hurricane Irma Facts figures forecast News 24 #NewsSuite
What is more destructive to women ? A hurricane like Irma or being raped & molested by ur rapist husband ?
Thanks . This even makes me feel better ! You have been awesome esp for people not org . from Florida !
First Irma . Now Jose is coming . I won't be surprised if there's a third hurricane smashing through Florida and they
Richard Branson emerges from wine cellar bunker after Irma utterly devastated his private island
#HurricaneIrma Haiti and Dominican Republic facing the day after cleaning up & rebuilding
On at 7a Latest on #MexicoEarthquake and #HurricaneIrma PLUS new rules pot shops must follow after Lansing's city council mtg
#HurricaneIrma FAQ Find shelters ? Call 1 800 REDCROSS 1 800 733 2767 Emergency App
This piece on how #MiamiDade floods regularly and on sunny days is worth a reread pre #HurricaneIrma
Baj de Categoria el Huracan Irma . Que siga as ...
#Irma weakens to Category 4 storm .
While the world focuses on #Irma #floods have killed over 1000 people in #Nigeria #Niger and #SierraLeone
Final prep day on the course in West Palm Beach . As ready as we can be for hurricane Irma .
Irma seems to be bigger than the Andrew in 1992
why media news not talk about killing #burmamuslims community ? where is hummanity #UN . ?
Thousands ' refusing to shelter ' from Irma on
Good morning . Soon it'll be time to see the first game of the NFL . All I hope is that Irma does not affect the power on Sunday .
Hurricane Irma Homes across Caribbean flattened moving towards Florida ; it's hard to believe 2 hurricanes develop
Be safe my Family and Friends in South Florida . We have to whether this storm called Irma . They can't just drop a bomb in it and blow it up ?
For Irma vs . Mar a Lago the smart $ $ is on Trump's house from
I hope Govener Deal shuts the state down for Monday and Tuesday #Irma
Sending #love & #prayers to our #friends & #frontline #emergency #responders in #Florida be #safe & #strong
#SayGoodbye #FridayFeeling #IEstaff #Irma #wordsonthestreet Aladdin #TheDrummerAndTheKeeper #pknt
Holy hurricane Batman !
4 Ladies in this picture and all of them are dangerous WTAE #KellyFrey #Irma Be Safe
Leaving tonight unless there's a change .
Is that why they're missing today's deadline for releasing visitor logs despite having months to prepare ?
Fun fact My great grandmother's name was Irma and let me tell you she was not so fickle a woman as #HurricaneIrma
Ti thm video vo danh sch pht Hurricane Irma Chilling images of Miami Beach turned into GHOST
hurricane irma better not bring her ass to d . c .
It is scary how long she will be battering us ! for all of our and our fami
The latest The Helmut Fuchs Daily ! Thanks to #franken #irma
Hurricane Irma Chilling images of Miami Beach turned into GHOST town as tourists flee via
Retweeted Washington Post Hurricane Irma " This storm has the potential to catastrophically ...
Customs and Border Protection Readies for Hurricane Irma by
How homeowners should prepare for Hurricane Irma
Triple Trouble ? No Cat 3 hurricanes for a dozen years and now they're in groups . This is weather not climate
#HurricaneIrma FYI people if you need #Sandbags and locations are #Closed use Pillow cases and #BeachSand from ...
From Hurricane Harvey now bracing impact for Hurricane Irma . Lord have mercy
Leann please pray for my mother who is in West Palm Beach . She is a ward of the state so I don't even
#WhatTheForecast I'm sorry I had to laugh #HurricaneIrma
#earthquake in #Mexico Hurricaines in USA there is nothing can make us pleased these days #PrayForMexico #PrayForFlorida #Irma #Harvey
Hurricane Irma damage and destruction in the Caribbean via
So how do you draw the short straw to get on this team ? #batondownthehatches
Best idea on Twitter this year ! ! !
OMG WOW Serious ! ! NO JOKE Hurricane IRMA Wind Speeds 180 mph Destroys Everything In Its Path
Good morning from #Miami . We are waiting for #Irma
Turn it in Irma for fuck sake
Watch on #Periscope HURRICANE IRMA FLORIDA WARNED CAT 4 #IRMA #HURRICANE #HurricaneIrma #cat4 #StormChaser #Flo
Irma devastated the tiny island of Barbuda
You haven't confronted the challenges of Harvey yet so how the hell do you think you'll be able t
Hurricane Irma barreling toward Florida
Police shoot knife wielding man at Miami airport as thousands flee Hurricane Irma ABC News via
Call ahead if you are travelling . #HurricaneIrma
About Hurricane Irma ... #hurricaneirma
I'm going to keep my book bag on and ready get ready to go . #OnlyWork4Hours #HurricaneIrma
Please pray for all the islands hit by Hurricane Irma . This storm is not joking matter ! ! !
Still no news of or from our family in #VirginGorda if anyone has any news please let me know thank you . #BVI #HurricaneIrma #worrying
All people are ID'd & checked 4 warrants in #Florida 2 stay in the shelters 2 make sure people stay safe
Read The Patty Biancacci Daily today's top stories via #irma #education
I think the fuck not
The devastation of Hurricane #Irma speaks less to the vulnerability of Caribbean than to the severity of weather events & climate change 1
Alas our latest attempt at pushing Irma away hasn't been as successful as we had hoped . We wish everyone in ...
Mexico rocked by HUGE earthquake 15 dead amid TSUNAMI fears as Hurricane Irma roars by
Western US on fire 8.0 earthquake in Mexico #HurricaneIrma about to hit Florida Houston underwater and an #equifaxbreach . Happy Friday !
#hurricaneIrma #jose #katia #mexicoearthquake what if North Korea fired their bombs 2 a specific angle on the sea & is tangential 2 Americas
Sir Richard Branson says Necker Island ' completely and utterly devastated ' by Hurricane Irma
Girrrrrl ... you may need to just drive north the way this Irma seems to be preparing her visit .
Help Hurricane Victims Genius Helper . #HurricaneIrma #FeelGoodFriday helping out .
The latest Texas ' " UnityThroughSolutions " Daily ! Thanks to #hurricaneirma
Nashville NWS Meteorologists Tracking Hurrican Irma Watch Now
STL Weather All eyes on FLA as Irma regains strength prior to crashing onto the coast . History in the making .
MILITARY GETTING READY FOR MARTIAL LAW IN FLORIDA 4 HURRICANE IRMA GUN C ... via
I'm sure this man didnt ask what her political affiliations were before doing so ! THIS IS IS WHY AMERICA IS GREAT
Thanks for the reminder lest we forget ! This is nature at its worst ! DrG
Irma weakens on way to Miami but hurricane may wash away buildings via
I liked a video Hurricane Irma Live updates Hurricane Irma Live in real time
#Hurricane #Katia and #Jose path Will they head to #USA after #Irma ? Weather News
Hey Do you think one minute to people hit by #HurricaneIrma who will have difficulties to get ac
Hurricane Irma Live updates via r worldnews
come on people do a LITTLE bit of fact checking .
This is a great thing
Weeding out the dumb ones
HHS Secretary Price declares public health emergency in Florida due to Hurricane Irma
Last flight to Miami before #Irma . It's empty . #journalism #media #news #hurricane
In 1992 Florida's oldest nuclear plant suffered $ 90million in damage including systems that were supposed to be hur
Latest NOAA #HurricaneIrma projection is now swing it much closer to Havana
Recovery Connections THE STORM IS COMING ! ! HURRICANE IRMA IS APPROACHIN ...
Retweeted Alfredo Zamudio Why are people evacuated due #Irma and other disasters considered ...
Sign the Petition Change the Name of Hurricane Irma to Hurricane Ivanka
why is #Miami so vulnerable to Hurricane #Irma ? zoning development choices
Watching american tv for information on #irma Your advertisements suck .
How many cups of coffee do you need to get through this morning #Irma #IrmaPrep #IrmaFlorida #TampaReady
Thanks for re upping Mike . I wanted this piece to be accurate but never thought it would be so prophetic .
CAP HAOTIEN Haiti Hurricane Irma ripped through the Caribbean on Friday with its violent winds and torrential ...
Come get your dance workout on pre Irma ! Saturday 9am Bailey Middle
Tykksin videosta FL Hurricane Irma Charge your phone in a Emergency ! !
Vital #mustwatch info to share to help re #HurricaneIrma #fridayfreebie #FridayFunDay
Currently fleeing Florida . I hope I have a car and an a place to live when I return ... #HurricaneIrma
Wake up bruhh earth is ending
Just when it couldn't get worse Thank you for this incredibly important post .
#prayers for those in #HurricaneIrma path #hopefully they #evacuted or will shortly . She is #takingnoprisoners #staysafe
All Florida public schools will be closed through Monday due to hurricaneirma
The latest Movement Against Secondary Slavery ! Thanks to #hurricaneirma
6 Questions on Hurricane Irma Harvey and Climate Change via
surprised at your comment I don't agree with you so now I should watch the View ? I don't watch any MSM
Thank you Joe ! New track has it over our heads . Last one big like this i lost power for five days so if I go ' s
Espero que puedan ver On the left Hurricane Andrew 1992 . On the right Hurricane Irma today . images to scale
This AM we are LIVE at Little Hardware in Uptown walking you through isles as equipment is flying off shelves prepa
Prayers up do what you need to do to stay safe you can replace a roof . You and family not so much .
Lived Miami Beach for a few years . Signed up for emergency alerts & for space on a bus with dog in case of evacuation order . Get out . #irma
Florida nuclear plants to shut ahead of Hurricane Irma Electricity generator Florida Power & Light said it wi ...
If you are looking for missing people or loved ones here is an online list to start with . You can add to it . #BVI #Hurricane #Irma #Jose
Retweeted Fernando Pinto Infinite
As the South is preparing for Hurricane Irma here are some tips from the Red Cross to help when the storm hits .
Hurricane Irma is going to hit Georgia ... God please don't let it be really bad
The latest the BERITA daily ! #irma #hurricaneirma
#IRMA ALORS #TRUMP TOUJOURS CLIMATO SCEPTIQUE ? ? ?
you clearly have more important things to concern yourself with . Pay them no mind lol Praying for you as you prepare for Irma .
Oh yikes Irma is gonna completely go over me o o gl in life
Gotta love it ... AWAN scandal will not be silenced . Not by MSM . Not by #Harvey . Not by #DACA . Not by #Irma . Not goin
I 75 is slow through #Hernando & at Turnpike towards Ocala . #Irma
Hurricane Irma is now a massive storm hammering the Caribbean
New York City News Search Happening Today Earthquake Arkema Irma Equifax Lovato New York City News & Search
Scale of Irma destruction ' like a nuclear bomb ' via
Hurricane Irma 25 And there shall be signs in the sun and in the moon and in the stars ; and upon the earth ...
I'm on my way to the airport from rehab . Regular discharge date was convenient to Irma . Ride it it out in WV before driving south .
A reminder of why we live here and take these chances #FloridaStrong #Irma
5 . Hurricane Irma from space
Dangerous winds storm surge threaten Florida even as Hurricane Irma weakens
Hurricane Irma storm surge warning Flooding map shows catastrophe zones for Florida
Irma weakens to a Category 4 storm on path to Florida then Georgia
Hurricane Irma leaves a trail of devastation across the Caribbean as it heads straight for Florida
mis #buenosdias #Irma #HurricaneIrma #Miami #Florida
Today's Topic Florida is preparing for Hurricane Irma ... #IrmaHurricane2017 #IrmaFlorida
Hurricane Irma Florida radio hams requested to help ARRL West Central Florida Section Manager #hamradio #hamr
. You might want to do a segment on what the cruise ship industry is doing to help those in the islands devastated by #IRMA
Rudy Monteagudo Tip Hurricane Irma Where is the Category 4 storm now and where is it headed next ?
Hey Irma Fla has communities by tavistock and a greedy bossy mouse who thinks he owns the place . You know what to do . Clean house !
Hurricane Irma set to rock insurance sector
Gov . Terry McAuliffe not planning to issue state of emergency #irma #vagov
IRMA now a Cat 4 but don't be fooled . It will regain strength as this is a normal cycle for a Hurricane . IRMA wil
So these people needed a lesson in the power of God according to Kirk Cameron ? Is he that blind to the reality most
Geotab Data Shows Massive Increase in Fleet Activity and Fuel Demand in Preparation for Hurricane Irma
Hurricane Irma Florida prepares for storm
The National Hurricane Center downgraded Irma but called it extremely dangerous with the Florida Keys at risk
As we prepare for Irma what are some of the innovative tips youd like to share with others ? Here are some of ...
Be fuming if universal studios and islands of adventure get fucked up by Irma
bbc ' Hurricane Irma pummels Turks and Caicos islands BBC News '
Due to Hurricane Irma we will be closed Saturday Sept . 9 Monday Sept . 11 .
An eye for an eye How does hurricane Irma compare to Andrew 25 years later ? via
I liked a video Why We're NOT EVACUATING Our WOOD FRAME HOME for Category 5 Hurricane Irma !
As we prepare for Hurricane Irma Farm Share sends our thoughts and prayers to all who are in its path . Farm ...
Text HOME to 741741 from anywhere in the U . S . to text with a trained crisis counselor . #HurricaneIrma #IrmaRelief
Leading the world on climate change do they really believe that ?
I liked a video Hurricane Irma 24x7 Live Feed
I hope the fish return us to land once Irma hits Florida ...
Hurricane Irma CTO Reports Damage to Caribbean Islands So Far
This is why community support is so important ! FEMA is about to run out of money and Irma hasn't even hit yet
Helping those impacted by disasters is NOT a partisan issue . #Donate #RedCross #Harvey #Irma
Latest track brings Irma into middle Tennessee as a tropical depression on Tues night Wed morning !
In true FL fashion #Irma takes a turn !
I can't believe people like this exist
All of us slept together in two rooms Branson wrote . I havent had a sleepover quite like it since I was a kid .
#marvellous997 Hurricane Irma tears through Turks and Caicos Islands as it moves to Bahamas
#DACA #Harvard opponent professors arrested #Trump #Trump obviously works #dictatorship It explain the many
school got cancelled for me because of hurricane irma
Science has no words ... I am pretty sure science has a lot of words for Irma . They are probably just not catchy enough .
Hurricane Irma Useful Tips and Important Resources Including Websites and Phone Numbers #Insurance #Answers
Irma is coming closer . Hope you have prepared my friends she's a monster winer and di gyal don't look good !
Not good Hope 2017
$ BNews Prime Minister's spokesperson says Theresa May will chair an emergency COBRA meeting on hurricane Irma
#SofaSilahlane #InfluentialFridays #TiroLecture #Nedlac #InvestSA FIFA Al Ahly Hurricane Irma Drive Careful 92
First official word from UCF .
Praying for Mexico Florida Texas & all the islands hit by Irma ...
Irma will likely make me " meh " all future hurricanes going forward now .
Tennessee Task Force One deploys for Florida ahead of Irma
Bound for Florida Irma downgraded to Category 4 but still ' extremely dangerous '
Irma Pounds Turks And Caicos Threatens Miami
Club Orient Damage from Hurricane Irma #Nudism #Naturism #Reddit
Is it safe to travel to Mexico amid the earthquake and hurricanes Irma and Katia ? .
CNN 5 things for Friday Hurricane Irma Mexico earthquake Equifax data breach Rohingya Russia probe
FRIDAY IRMA What you need to know
NOAA 49 from Lakeland to Bridgetown #HurricaneIrma another hurricane Hunter
Anyone know if #Irma underwent an ERC overnight ? I need to sleep but the #climate and #WX never stop .
Viso do apocalipse ... Getting ready for Irma ! LA Fitness ALTAMONTE SPRINGS MONTGOMERY
Alan Duncan Who Criticised Caroline Lucas Over Hurricane Climate Change Comments Has Links To Oil Industry #Imra
Irmas track shifts slightly west ; NC still in its path
big win last night boys but with the quake and Irma my win last night might not be that big a deal ! !
#HurricaneIrma returns to West Palm Beach this morning
The latest The Jobs in Lbeck Daily ! Thanks to #irma #berlin
What the hell is going on with all these natural disasters in a week ? ! First #harvey then #irma now #PrayForMexico . Scary days we living .
Hurricane warnings extended in Florida ahead of Irma Play Video
Mandatory evacuations for Pinellas County residents in mobile homes and in Zone A begin this morning . DETAILS
Praying for all in Florida
may with Jose approaching you think we are putting our troops at risk by sending them ? Same path as Irma a
Can anyone help ?
avoiding 3 hour long gasoline lines where there is still some gas left to buy as we evac before
Saw on w this morning talking Irma . Fla ... take it seriously when this guy speaks . #shouldhaveleftalready
Just as well we were leaving Florida when we did though ! Just about missing Irma by the sounds of it
Poor In Miami Hoping To Ride Out Irma On Bread And Cans Of Tuna NPR
I was a teenager during Andrew and I didn't really understand what was coming . I do now and I'm completely terrified . #Irma
Head up ! Beware ! Be Prepared ! !
Latest on #Irma now from a desolate South Beach on from correspondent Mark Strassmann .
Turks and Caicos are on my to do list . #withAeroplan
US pre open Stocks seen lower as Irma North Korea concerns weigh DIGITALLOOK
Reporter's Notebook Two young women tell me their Irma ordeal
#Irma weakened to a Cat 4 storm in Friday as max sust winds to about 155 mph #Theworldface
Hmm . Might be climate change .
#Finance & #Money Hurricane Irma Home Depot Lowe's prepare for second major st ..
Lord protect all from this Hurricane Irma .
Wishing everyone Ive met from FL the best through Irma .
They got the likes views and shares ... but it's all FAKE NEWS . " Social Media Spreads Fake News About Hurricane Irma
Hurricane Irma Batters Bahamas As Florida Evacuates Its BowelS
Bitch what ? ?
#HurricaneIrma death toll rises to 9 with 7 missing as storm hits Frances Caribbean islands interior minister
For everyone that's evacuating to GA it doesn't seem like a good idea since they're saying Irma is going to hit us now
Powerful pictures . Displaced pets from Hurricane Harvey and now Irma need our help
The world is on fire a news brief .
Dawn patrol #tybeesurflessons #dawnpatrol #nofilter #surf #hurricaneirma #dontvisittybee #tybee
Prayers going out to those in Irma's path .
CONTINUING LIVE COVERAGE As #hurricaneirma #Irma evacuees head to thru ATL the impact on #ATLtraffic INFO you n
I'd never heard of #Barbuda before #HurricaneIrma . What a dreadfully tragic way to put yourself on World map . Now #HurricaneJose threatens
It is almost as if the climate is undergoing some sort of ... change
But don't forget these fools ...
Hurricane Irma How Home Depot keeps plywood pouring into Florida
I hope you and yours are following this advice .
Shark Attacks Category 6 and NYC Under Water Hurricane Irma Has Provoked a Storm of Fake News Newsweek
Ever wonder what's it'd be like to be in the next disaster movie ? ... I live in south FL #HurricaneIrma everything else
Up before dawn cleaning my house because a tree might fall on it and then it would be on the news . #irma #imokay
Serves him right for surfing in a fucking hurricane .
These photos show how Hurricane Irma has trashed the Caribbean and its heading for Florida next #happeningnow
Hurricane Irma Florida Customer Gives Last Generator to Shopper in Desperate Need via
NHC #Irma's Florida Earliest Reasonable Arrival Time of Tropical Storm Force Winds .
Oh cool . dropped the O2 Arena album right before Hurricane Irma . It is now the album of the storm . Be safe fellow Floridians .
. should swap series with AND help evacuate Rays families and staff . Forget where Spring Training is ? #HurricaneIrma
Limit 2 cases of water per person at on Beach Blvd #Jax #HurricaneIrma Still no ETA on the delivery truck
Haiti IRMA IRMA moves away from Haiti via
Monster Hurricane Irma Barrels Toward Climate Change Deniers Playground
Praying for those in the crosshairs of Hurricane Irma . Beautiful sunny day today . By tomorrow at 11pm Miamians wi
Four hurricane shelters open in Miami Dade ahead of Irma including one for your pets
#news #RT Hurricane Irma Now a Category 4 Storm Barrels Toward Florida One of the most potent Atlantic Ocean hur
A look at the traffic on a Florida Interstate as people try to get out of Irma's path .
WATCH We dont want heroes . We want safe residents . They should leave Miami Beach if they have not left already .
Caribbean countries assess Hurricane Irma damage with PAHO support
Non Stop coverage until #HurricaneIrma passes ! Vanessa erin
My thoughts and prayers are with the people of Mexico and those killed in St . Martin due to Hurricane Irma . It's extremely devastating .
but it's okay we saved a driver guys ! they're so at risk protected by hundreds of kilograms of metal . #Irma
Just bought an unrelated flight yesterday because of this .
Good Morning Patriots ! ! ! Irma is on its way so for Florida we must pray
Here are all the areas in Hurricane Irma's path and when the storm could arrive Read at Business Insider
Based on recon Irma still weakening a bit . Still gonna re strengthen later today and catastrophic for Florida
WATCH alroker with the latest information on #HurricaneIrma via TODAYshow
As Florida braces for #Irma Mexico is hit with the most powerful earthquake in 100 years .
#Florida ; #Islands #Brace for #Irma Others Survey #Damage #thecurrentaffairs Watch ;
I saw some of Irma's clouds in the shape of a swastika . We should have zero tolerance for nazis . FL g
Very proud of the RAF off to help the victims of hurricane Irma
Important ! Save #Pets and Animals also please ! plz share ! #HurricaneIrma #Irma #Hurricane
Michigan ex pats Nowhere to hide as Irma closes in via
What do you think if we all stopped at 12 noon today for 1 minute say a prayer to push Hurricane Irma East out to ...
Hurricane #Irma has destroyed the Caribbean with another storm on the way support the emergency appeal now
The latest THE CYCLICAL CRISIS ! #hurricaneirma #irma
#HurricaneIrma leaves devastation in its wake in the Caribbean and expected to hit the State of Florida on Sunday .
5 things for #Friday #HurricaneIrma #Mexicoearthquake #Equifax data breach #Rohingya #Russia probe
As a person in the path of irma double fuck everything about this storm .
The latest The Women's rights Daily ! Thanks to #irma #hurricaneirma
#Irma now contains Shark ... omg
The latest The Social Media Perspective Post ! Thanks to #breaking #irma
Irish baby welcomed before Hurricane Irma hit mccormack spoke to the baby's father Joe Ryan
Mexico 8.1 magnitude quake fires in the west floods in the South more storms lined up & a maniac detonating nuke
So sad ... #HurricaneIrma #MexicoEarthquake #Tsunami all hitting at same time at this part of the world
AKL Irma going just thru eyewall replacement and still to arrive in even hotter waters yet .
Irma could keep tracking West and could get over the eastern gulf and get scary for our state ..
Quick Read How You Can Help The Victims Of Hurricane Irma #safetravels
Surprise rate hike by BoC propels Canadian dollar #BankofCanada #EURCAD #HurricaneIrma #Destatis #ForexOptions
Richard Branson se atrincher en su isla privada esperando al huracn Irma
A brother left Miami fleeing Irma two sisters in Mexico City in earthquake . Monterrey safe . Crossing fingers D . C . stays safe too .
#JI March 2BurmaEmbassy #JummahMubarak #Chashma #InternationalLiteracyDay World XI #DuskTillDawn Hurricane Irma
Please pray for my brother and I we will be in our house in midst of Irma .
Crying as I watch the devastation so far from Irma . I can't imagine . I truly can not .
Looting reported in St . Martin after Irma The Mercury News
Uncanny copy paste from 7 years ago . Bizarre how ' 17 hurricanes Irma Jose and Katia mirror the 2010
People in Southern #Florida have begun evacuations en masse as the deadly #HurricaneIrma approaches ...
GCSE Alevel Great video showing the differences between Cat 1 Cat 5 storms
You pair up this photo with this headline irresponsible ! ! ! #staysafeSoBe sending prayers & love
Praying for us all as #hurricaneirma gets closer . Now is a time to
Exactly WHERE in #Florida #Irma makes landfall is still a bit uncertain . But Florida will be hit .
Don't forget to stock up ... cant look at #HurricaneIrma with out protection .
Irma should enter ground radar coverage today
NICE ! ! ! What #Irma looks like from space via
#HurricaneIrma slams Turks and Caicos
Irma is the strongest hurricane to ever occur in the Atlantic an y'all fuckasses are still denying climate change ?
How I feel about #HurricaneIrma
Head in sand for Alan Duncan or is it up his own bottom ?
Hurricane Irma Aftermath Compilation via
Irma is pregnant with multiple tornadoes .
More than 32 000 Feds Are Responding to Hurricanes Harvey and Irma . via
Analysis Heres how big Irma would be where you live
Waited to get the last gas for an hour an 30 min ... #irma
Retweeted Hintze Media Where to find sandbags across the Tampa Bay area . #irma ...
Get ready #SWFL 48 hours remain ! #GamersUnite #Irma #HurricaneIrma #Hurricane #GamersHelpingGamers #N64 #Nintendo
The latest The CHERTO Daily ! Thanks to #irma #technology
nytimesworld Hurricane Irma has been downgraded to a " dangerous " Category 4 hurricane as it barreled toward Florida
It's #FF #FollowFriday for inc & hopefully #Irma will spare you down there ! .
This makes me believe that there are still good people out there .
Smh why peiple worrying about hurricane Irma and Jose like just use this
Mika coming up on Joe much more on hurricane Irma ... she says it then broaches the subject jus
Police shoot armed man at Miami airport amid #HurricaneIrma evacuation
Update Latest #hurricaneirma2017 path projections . Get out now ! ! #irma #florida #IrmaHurricane
This is awesome . Go
RT GMA Forecast path for Hurricane #Irma entire look at the United States Sunday early morning through Wednesda
Retweeted The Daily Star 9 dead 7 missing after Irma hits French islands minister ...
#Miami waits #HurricaneIrma
WANT GET MORE #FOLLOWERS MY FRIENDS ? #denmo #HeritageAction #HurricaneIrma
My aunties whole house got destroyed by hurricane Irma
claims Venezuela is our " enemy "
Please say a prayer for everybody who has and who will be hit by hurricane irma .
Assessing the hood before the storm Gracie #irma #bocaraton
THE only good thing about Irma .. France via #Irma #Karma
MUST WATCH Hurricane Irma Churning Through Caribbean Hits Turks and Caicos The latest news
Hurricane Irma Celebrity Homes in Path of Destruction in Miami Beach #News #USA #World
I don't scare easily but this Bad Bitch Irma scares me . Not for me but for you folks in its path . Don't be a hero . Most of them die . Leave
Yes it is and it will hit EVERY SINGLE RINO like Hurricane Irma is hitting the islands ! GOP leader
#Photos From #Saint #Martin After Hurricane Irma
Hurricane Harvey Irma Jose Earthquake in Mexico fires in CA ... but the main event bouta be the Yellowstone Supervolcano
8.1 Earthquake in NM Fires burning in the West widespread flooding in TX and #Irma in FL . If I lived in the ...
. is closed . This #Irma thing is getting real .
Yesterday Florida FSU Miami and USF canceled their Week 2 games
Mandatory evacuations underway in some areas effected by #hurricane #irma . pls listen and be safe . Pls take your pe
Paradise lost Before and after Irma Auto pickup by wikyou
Florida renters barred from boarding up as Irma nears via the app
Hurricane Irma Tracker Projected Path Map ; Florida Braces for Direct Hit as Tens of Thousands Flee
sprint customers if your service is interrupted during hurricane irma for non payment they will extend your service for 14 days
Me when I saw Irma coming
Attention ! #Irma is set to hit FL early Sunday morning ! You will not be able to get any that day . Stockpile now .
While some fares skyrocket JetBlue offering $ 99 flights for those trying to escape Irma The Washington Post
#freshhellfriday lolololol ! You def win the Internet today !
Oil companies should donate to Harvey and Irma disaster areas instead of getting richer !
Good morning I hope all in #HurricaneIrma path are somewhere safe and prayers for those already affected by her wrath . Hugs
Eek . Be safe .
#NYS and starting response to help with #HurricaneIrma
Wow ... This is incredible . If this doesn't put it in perspective how dangerous #Irma is I'm not sure what will .
They are an inspiration even more so when one considers the current guy .
In Pinellas County Know your zone Mandatory evacuation for Zone A #HurricaneIrma
Pleasant weather continues through the weekend before Irma takes aim at the Commonwealth . Details > #kywx
Famous Princess Juliana International Airport in St Maarten damaged by #HurricaneIrma
The latest The GBM Accounts Daily ! #hurricaneirma #job
Find a list of resources for hurricane Irma evacuees using the 1 1 database online
just let us know when and where . We are #NSN strong
Insurance stocks slump ; industry pleads Were are in very good financial shape
. W Global All of sea turtle patients evacuated 640 miles north to the Georgia Aquarium fo
When Irma is over with I'm hunting you down . You're getting the biggest hug . Thanks for being such an amazing pal Bruno .
Restoring faith in humanity .
Never complain about British weather again #HurricaneIrma #HurricaneJose #HurricaneKatia #Caribbean
Try and keep safe #praying
#Irma Is #American Nightmare . As Americans .. We #Adore The #SunshineState Dear #Floridians Save Ur #Priceless
Ready for #HurricaneIrma in SWFL . House dark and creepy with shutters up . Maybe there's a short story in here ? #amwriting #writerslife
The slow destruction of America while is in office
#HurricaneIrma is downgraded to a category 4 storm but it is still a threat to the US mainland . Landfall is ...
UK government releases 32m emergency aid in wake of storm Irma
Trump Loving Florida Sheriff Just Tweeted A Disgusting Ultimatum To Hurricane Irma Victims
UPDATE Disney World Closing Fort Wilderness & More Cancelling More Special Events Ahead of #Irma via
Loneliness Kills Awareness in Caregiving #HurricaneIrma #earthquake #seniors
We shouldn't be surprised if he tells us about the damage to his properties ...
#Hurricane #Irma #Downgraded to #Category 4 but #Remains e ... #Finance
South Florida switches into emergency mode as Irma creeps closer
Evacuation route traffic very slow take your patience with you ! #Irma #wduvtimesavertrraffic
the thing is ... we Floridians are Also on the path of effing Irma . So Nope not funny . I '
Best and most accessible report on where #HurricaneIrma going and implications . Thanks and bri
Nature can be horribly cruel
Front Page of #Orlando Sentinel . #IrmaHurricane2017 #Irma #Florida #FloridaStrong #Miami #Category5 #PrayForFlorida
Fanny Pack Wearing Man Pulls Gun on Motorist During Hurricane Irma Gas R ... via
Love stories will always sell especially during times of crisis #StoryHunter #HuracaineIrma #storytelling
DC area forecast 70s and sunshine for days ; keeping an eye on Irma into next week
PRAYER WARRIORS PLEASE READ ! Messianic Rabbi Says Prayer Can Stop Hurricane Irma via Today
Hurricane Irma blasts into Turks and Caicos Florida still in its sights Fox News
Hurricane Katia Moving South Towards Mexico From The Weather Channel
Meet couple Harvey and Irma from Washington
Police shoot armed man at Miami airport amid Irma evacuation
The latest Detroit Lovers ! Thanks to #detroit #irma
Hello Hurricane God Please quell and send Irma Katia Jose off shore so they cause no or as little damage possible . Thank You
Gotta get all the fresh air we can before #hurricaneirma
Laughs at irma's new path it was nice knowing y'all
Irma is gonna hit me now ... great
Hurricane Irma Florida Georgia And The Carolinas Brace For Vicious Hit
Ah pero Irma lleg hoy fue ?
The Democrats sent #Irma to Florida
Major Hurricane Jose's Next Move From The Weather Channel
THANK YOU for all of the messages and calls of concern . We are getting everything ready for Irma and will be ...
Genuinely don't know how worried I should be that majority of my family are in Florida right now #Irma
Irma downgraded to a Cat 4 now
thank you for covering the BVI last night . We need all the support and awareness we can get #HurricaneIrma
Wise words flood risk impact is not encoded in category is it ? How ' wet ' ...
Hurricane Irma downgraded to Category 4 storm still ' extremely dangerous '
Lord I pray for the world your land . Please take control and keep us safe . The Caribbean and impacting countries need your help . #Irma
Weather Europe is out ! Weathernews #irma #hurricaneirma
Harvey and Irma Come to Town electionlineWeekly on Election Officials ' Response
I just don't understand why you would go surfing in a hurricane .
Cause why not ? My Zello i . d . is dante 144 #JIC #Irma #app
Couple doesnt let Irma stop them from getting married in Florida
Badgers football With Irma heading for Florida Wisconsin extends helping hand to Florida Atlantic
The latest The LOHAD Twice Daily ! Thanks to Magazine 17 rocks #ausbiz #hurricaneirma
We interrupt the many concerns of this weekend's #HurricaneIrma arrival with some good news ... THE LOST !
At this point to evacuate or not to evacuate ? #irma #Charleston #hurricaneirma
#Badgers Wire Badgers football With Irma heading for Florida Wisconsin extends helping
Ghost train from rick and morty
#Consider the path ...
You also need to realize that we've hit our debt ceiling and we're about to have to clean up from Irma too .
Back to the Ville for a few . Be safe Charleston #Irma
Reminder that EVACUATIONS ARE EXPENSIVE & cities are built in a way that makes it HARD FOR PEOPLE OF COLOR TO LEAVE
Hurricane Irma Have Your Home Insured . See link to know more #HurricaneIrma #Mortgage
16 million in Hurricane Irma's path as it barrels through Caribbean
Hurricane Irma hits Caribbean heads toward Florida via
Thank you irma cause if you did one thing good it's that I was gonna play Jay Ajayi but had to play Tyreke Freaky Hill and he went offff
Our Teams along #Irma's path
#Fears over two #Nuclear #Powerplants #Hurricane Irmas
Hurricane Irma is forcing Trump's Mar a Lago to evacuate Miami Herald
While Irma takes aim on Florida Hurricanes Jose and Katia are also threatening land via
The Latest Jam packed roads as Floridians flee Irma CLICK BELOW FOR FULL STORY ...
Sir Richard Branson says Necker Island ' completely and utterly devastated ' by Hurricane Irma va
Hurricane Harvey horses endure as rescues continue in flood ravaged areas as Florida prepares for Irma . Want to ...
Hurricane Irma Reston Update Good Chance Of Direct Hit But Track Could Shift West #northreston
Florida Prepares For Irma After Turks And Caicos Devastated By Storm pls RT
Irma devastates Caribbean's <b> tourism < b > dependent economy Ivo and Chris Vickery had
#hurricaneirma we are open today with plenty of #coffee #breakfast #pastries #buscuits &
Florida Highways Packed As Residents Evacuate From Irma pls RT
Thanks im in Florida praying for hurricane irma to be over with
INSIGHT Cuba prays for protection from Hurricane Irma via
o It's 2012 finally happening ! It was just running late because bloody Irma was still putting her make
As a former Floridian I really am proud to see your ongoing work to help out during Irma . I remember Andrew .
Inching further and further West with the GFS and EURO models more aligned .
standing there thinking " How can I make money off of Irma ? "
Florida Shelters Start To Fill As Hurricane Irma Nears pls RT
God Bless for bringing a needed moment of levity to a tough situation #HurricaneIrma #Jesus
Guns . Climate change . Never the time to discuss .
Nine dead seven missing after Irma hits French islands Minister #Elections #AcheDin #Politics
This is how Trump operates people ...
I've come to realize that it's never a good time to talk climate change .
Take heed to this information
Cockblocking ass Irma
God bless and prayers in everyone in the path of Hurricane Irma . #hurricaneirma
Micheal . Is there a model of the low pressure effects of Irma Jose on Katia ?
Friday AM update Irma barrelling toward Florida as a powerful Category 4 Hurricane .
Hopefully everyone is safe throughout #HurricaneIrma . Just saw that Irma hit the Virgin Islands so hard they're just called The Islands now
i hope irma whips out every dumb bitch so i can live without being tried everyday
update please ... If you still have internet #fingerscrossed #HurricaneIrma
Hurricanes Jose and Katia are right behind Irma Here & #8217 ; s what you need to know
WATCH LIVE FEMA briefing on Hurricane Irma preparations
SpaceX Lifts Off as NASA's Kennedy Space Center Braces for Hurricane Irma
Trump stole for his own pocket for nonexistant damage from those that really needed it .
Arecibo Survives Hurricane Irma 2nd Largest Radio Telescope Still Standing
Hurricane force winds extend out 70 miles from center . If Irma tracks through FLA center much of FLA will see 75 mph winds higher east
Praying for safety for all you Floridians . From #Houston . #PrayForFlorida #HurricaneIrma #Harvey
Can i block u ?
Let's keep praying people of God . #IrmaHurricane2017 #Irma #IrmaHurricane #hurricaneirma2017 #HurricaineIrma #Prayer
Had a Centrist or Right Winger said this about a " progressive " women they'd be in a cat 5 snowflake storm right now
#Irma praying for everyone affected to be safe get help soon !
Due to Hurricane Irma ... We will be closed till further notice . Once the evacuation is lifted we will reopen ! Be safe
Get out of the storm surge areas key words of advice this morning from Brock to people in Irma cone path .
NASA's Kennedy Space Center Braces for Hurricane Irma
I'd like to personally invite you to vacation in Miami this weekend . #Nutjob #IrmaHurricane2017
Hurricane Irma Could Impact Every Major City In Florida Weasel Zippers
Looks like Irma may miss us . I'm still buying bourbon .
IN MIAMI leads ahe
#Irma #LiteracyDay #OEM2017 #wolfgangtillmans #kickstarters17 Bern Caribbean Florida #IrmaHurricane #Irma2017
Wondering about your location ? EVACUATION ORDERS ROUTES enter zip for personalized map #hurricaneirma
I'm Doc 20mi inland . Concrete generator meds . Cats safe . Sussy & Bunny w Ma & kid in ATL . #irma at their heels . 11
Waiting for #irma to get here in florida ... #PrayForFlorida #HurricaineIrma
With Hurricane Irma possibly bringing stormy weather to this area on Tuesdays election day I encourage you to ...
When the horsemen arrive we should really know how pissed she is .
It's Irma's fault
America is learning the hard way that Mother Nature can destroy it in a second and no amount of weaponry would protect it . #HurricaneIrma
love you Michelle miss you so much in the whitehouse.thank for helping out with Harvey ugh now we have irma
If Irma fall through Atlanta I'm definitely not going to work . Category 1 or not . I'm not driving in 80 mph winds . #FukDot
I just witnessed an entire store filled to the roof with cellophane and water go empty in less than 15 minutes . . . #Chaos #HurricaneIrma
So a #earthquake and #HurricaneIrma in 1 day ! ? Wtf mother nature ! Actually I think she just don't like as president
Hurricane Irma Devastates Caribbean and Heads Toward Florida The New York Times
Papa God protect Florida from all harm from this Hurricane Irma and calm the seas and the wind with your mighty hand .
Don't forget about Georgia !
Fyi medicine waivers will be granted for those who need it . #fema #HurricaneIrma
. You can't suggest that God is pissed at them in one Tweet and ask God for help in another . Have you no
Cuba and Florida prepare for #Irma in pictures Photo by Adalberto Roque AFP
3 1 2 hours left . MD bound . #fairbanksfleetothenorth #hurricaneirma #irma2017 #startingtosmellkindoffunkyupinhere
when irma sucks upall the cocane in miami
#ff be ready for a safe wkend specially those affected by Irma no matter what SMILE
#ff be ready for a safe wkend specially those affected by Irma no matter what SMILE es
Sad story of a Pro surfer killed by Irma generated waves .
Mxico #Yupido #BTSTourInPortugal #DuskTillDawn #888liveSP #JNo Irma Sam Smith Sloane Stephens Catalunha 37
The noise is frightening . Sounds like a damn train
#Andrew Was #Menace Of #Colossal Proportions If #Irma Is Stronger ? That Translates To
Hurricane Irma will devastate the US FEMA
Thousands are fleeing their homes as Hurricane #Irma nears the Florida coast . A live report from the storm's p
We're seeing some intense scenes from the areas in the path of Hurricane Irma . These stories and more storm co
Stay safe to everyone staying & safe travels to everyone evacuating #HurricaneIrma
WATCH #HurricaneIrma has weakened to a Cat . 4 hurricane . Here is video of the damage left behind in the Caribbean
Hurricane #Irma has its eyes set on the Florida coast . Meteorologist Chris Suchan tracks the path of the storm
#LBC Libtard Sir Richard Bransons Necker Island Home Destroyed by Hurricane IRMA.So there really is a Silver ...
People in Florida specially family in #orlando over prepare and be very careful . #irma
Still no mention of this massive X10 solar flare though . Why ?
also if anyone in the jacksonville area needs a shelter here are some please evacuate better safe than sorry
Amen to that
As Hurricane Irma moves towards the U . S . Ginger Zee explains the science behind how hurricanes form .
US #Airlines scrambling to evacuate ... #AmericanAirlines #Delta #Flights #Florida #HurricaneIrma #JetBlue
Worth commending our rapid response efforts in helping to get much needed aids to victims of #HurricaneIrma in the Caribbean
Bruh I wanna know where tf these shits coming from
Now staying ina Hotel North California and tweet to my dear respected followers wish safe for all in way of Irma w
Florida tourism will take hit from Hurricane Irma
Hurricane Irma will devastate the US FEMA Federal Emergency Management A ##security
Leeward Islands including Irma ravaged Barbuda may be hit AGAIN ! #Jose is now a major hurricane moving WNW ! 6 43AM
#Irma Hurricane force winds extend outward up to 70 miles from the center and tropical storm force winds extend outward up to 185 miles
Hurricane Irma forcing mandatory evacuations in Georgia South Carolina via the Android app
Maralago is going to get shit hammered by Irma . 45 is going to get shit hammered by Mueller . #shithammer
POTUS showing leadership mobilizing Govt resources planning post recovery glad he is in charge !
When you have a friend in Florida who thinks everyone around her is " overreacting " to Irma
Scary guest in studio 57 this morning as & explain why Hurricane Irma could be so dev
Holy shit . There is no low bar is there ?
Morning Cathy . So sorry you are sick . Stay in bed . So HAPPY Irma is staying East over the Atlantic
8am Irma advisory
Asharq Al Awsat citing FEMA chief hurricane Irma is " going to devastate the US "
#Florida is going to get a one two punch . EVERYONE GET THE HELL OUT OF THERE ! ! ! #HurricaneIrma #HurricaneJose
This picture from the ISS puts into scary perspective #Irma's size in comparison to Jamaica and Cuba .
who wants to let me crash for a few days really not looking forward to this
Yay ! ! ! I was able to get gas this morning ! ! ! Thank God ! ! #Miami #HurricaneIrma
Hurricane Irma video Thousands block highway in panic to flee killer storm heading to US
Irma's deadly passage claims 12 lives in Caribbean as Florida Georgia evacuate #breakingnews
Waiting for Irma . Miami Dade County in FL
Saint Martin International Airport was destroyed by the hurricane Irma via r news
Sky News Newsdesk all over the shop . They'll be reporting it as a light breeze next . Leave it to the professional
UNITED STATES FEMA says Hurricane Irma is still an ' incredibly dangerous storm '
Very Cute ! Even with Irma knocking at our door we here in Miami are NOT FREAKING OUT AT ALL !
FEMA Irma is set to devastate the US . #Squawk
. why is Irma cat 4 and Andrew cat 5 if Irma looks so much bigger stronger in this graphic ?
Never forget to come back to the breath . I've been a ball of nerves this week as Irma heads
U . S . stock futures drop as Irma heads toward Florida #UCapital
Abbreviated pundit roundup GOP disarray Irma climate change DACA and more Daily Kos dailykos September 8
Hurricane Jose is following close behind Hurricane Irma and strengthening
I will ! I may not be on alot during Irma but I will check in for sure ! I love all of you !
Now religious nutjobs just blame " the gay " .
SkyNewsBreak The Federal Emergency Management Agency says Hurricane Irma is going to " devastate the U . S . "
Florida Governor Warns Irma Is ' Bigger Faster And Stronger ' Than Hurricane Andrew
JUST IN Hurricane Irma is going to devastate the United States FEMA chief . More
Hello Hurricane God Please quell and send Irma Katia Jose off shore so they cause no or as little
Let s learn a little bit . #HurricaineIrma #learnhowitworks #fridayreads #Knowledgeispower
stay safe in these next couple of days with hurricane Irma ! ! That goes for anyone in Florida .
Today on TWBT Funny You Should Ask exec producer Scott Satin plus an Irma update LIVE at 4 p . m . ET 1 p . m . PT on BlogTalk Radio !
The latest Le p'tit journal d'ille & lle ! Thanks to #irma #macron
Should read Irma could " EFFECT " the entire state of Florida . #hurricaneirma2017 #Irma #Harvey #TexasStrong
Hurricane on its way to Tampa staying put for now . Pray for friends and family's safety . #hurricaneirma2017 God bless
What's Up Caribbean Irma claims life of veteran BVI track coach ' Dag ' Samuels via
Major storm surge and 150 mph winds await South Florida even as Hurricane Irma is downgraded to a Category 4 storm .
My beautiful son Danny chose to stay in south Florida #HurricaneIrma #surf leaving was not in his heart I'm dev
#Miami getting ready for the #HurricaneIrma
Hurricane Irma Storm Surge Shock map shows Florida WIPED OUT by huge waves
Paradise lost Hurricane Irma devastates luxury islands VIDEOS PHOTOS RT News
Irma Florida prepares for worst with mandatory evacuations from ' potentially devastating ' The Independent
The latest Silvinvest Newsfeed ! #irma #climateaction
Is that a regional mesoscale or a global and how is it initialized ? #MPAS #Irma
7am IRMA's central pressure has now risen a bit and winds down another hair to 150mph . Still a dangerous storm .
on auction .. helps py forgs for weathering out Irma .. #art #IrmaHurricane2017
Irma ap frape serye nan ndws la wi map di tout moun fk yo pridan anpil
Trump issues South Carolina emergency declaration ahead of Hurricane Irma
God forbid . In the end people might get the impression there could be a correlation between #ClimateChange and
Retweeted CNN Mayor of Miami Beach describes #Irma as a " nuclear hurricane " urges residents to get out ...
The latest THE WIECHERS POST ! #irma #temblor
We will be open until 1pm today . We will be closed until Monday or Tuesday depending on Irma . Stay safe everyone .
Please give generously to our collection at Tesco Kingsbridge tomorrow Saturday in aid of those affecte
Prayers to all folks affected by #HurricaneIrma as it razes #Caribbean and heads toward #Florida
Sure hope that's the way it turns out Bill . Stay safe . We need you .
RT CNNweather Forecast models for #Irma are agreeing more this morning . Compare models and track the latest on Ir
#hurricaneirma continue it destructive path now on #Cuba ' s east
We are praying for families affected by this tragedy . #hurricaneIRMA
I think hurricane Irma is solely coming to America to fuck me over in fantasy football #AlexSmithareyoukiddingme
I'm going to bribe Irma um mean " incentivize " Irma to find Trump then do her worst
Niggas still tryna go to the club this weekend lmao fuck Irma
The fact this needs to be dunked makes me sad .
Hurricane Irma tracks align on South Florida hit Read more #news
Irma Better not fuck up my plans to see " it "
Praying for you and your family throughout Irma . May you be safe in your travels and god bless your home and all inside dog 2
#Harvey quake in ID wildfires across US West . Then #Irma largest pacific storm ever . #MexicoQuake largest in 100 years . #ClimateChange
U . S . stock futures drop as Irma heads toward Florida brandnaware
Welp looks like hurricane Irma is gonna come and say hi in the next few days . I'll be around as much as I can . Wish me luck everyone .
#Irma dropped 2 #Category4 155MPH #DrEd
World Vision distributes snacks to children and their families after Hurricane Irma . Dominican Republic .
RT RT America BREAKING #HurricaneIrma will devastate the US FEMA #Hurricane #Irma
Millions evacuate . This is epic . Destruction from #Harvey and #Irma is going to alter economy in entire south US f
Its pretty obvious that's exactly what they were trying to provoke . And undoubtedly they will do the same after Irm
Very Cool ! and scary What Irma looks like from space
That was a GREAT suggestion for #DOTD #HurricaneIrma . #celebrityspotlight
WATCH " Andrew was a very very small compact Cat 5 compared to what we're seeing here in Irma "
And Andrew was pretty destructive ! !
God Help everyone in Atlantic ... ! ! #Atlantic #HurricaneIrma #Katia #JoseHurricane
My heart goes out to everyone affected by #HurricaneIrma .
Praying that my family and friends and everyone will be safe in my hometown of #Miami and home state of #Florida as the brace #Irma .
ProudlyLiberal dailykos Abbreviated pundit roundup GOP disarray Irma climate change DACA and more
Today we are airlifting emergency relief supplies to #StMaarten to help 2000 families devastated by #HurricaneIrma .
If this is correct looks like Irma may cross Cuba before proceeding then head up western side of FL .
CNN reports RT CNNweather Forecast models for #Irma are agreeing more this morning . Compare models and track the
For those who missed it my family and I are safely at my parents ' house and out of Irma's path It was a long and strange trip
Flow came ALL the way through during #Irma
how are you preparing for Irma ?
She's chugging along and still shifting around . Anyone in southern Florida should be gone or leaving #Irma
before H Irma hits Florida we call on the good people there to take bigly care and return safely to their own countries .
Americans that deny climate change are bein proven wrong that part of the world is gettin the worst of it.This is only the beginning #Irma
Big alt right neo nazi conference on Miami Beach this weekend ! Be there or be liberal . #irma
Hurricane Irma shifts west with Central Florida impact more likely
Such beauty and terror in a single image .
How ugly .
There are now 3 hurricanes in the Atlantic basin Irma Katia Jose Here's what you need to know
Airlines accused of cashing in on Hurricane Irma hiking prices by thousands of dollars
Aw how sweet
Deadly Irma Heads for Miami as Caribbean Islands Are Wrecked Bloomberg
UPDATE At least 14 killed as Hurricane Irma smashes through string of Caribbean islands on its way to Florida .
AJEnglish UPDATE At least 14 killed as Hurricane Irma smashes through string of Caribbean islands on its way to
CANADA STOCKS TSX futures down ; jobs report Hurricane Irma in focus #BusinessNews #Companies
It's Friday ! Praying for our Friends and Families in the State of Florida ! Hurricane Irma is
We are monitoring Hurricane Irma which is " going to devastate United States " as said by the FEMA Chief .
Let's hope that The Dump's property in Florida will be blown away in the form of atoms . Into the sea .
I liked a video Breaking News Effects of Hurricane Irma on Florida
#Irma now borderline cat 4 5 . Don't let cat 4 fool you it's been cat 5 for days and it's pushing a massive surge towards #FloridaKeys !
Read Hurricane Irma will devastate the US FEMA on GRTX
Week in pictures From Hurricane Irma to
RT hear what the experts have to to say about climate change and extreme weather events like Irma
Impact on #cities from Hurricaneirma concerns us please consider the #Esri Disaster Relief Program
Too late ... #snacksonsnacks #hurricaneirma #irmagerd #hurricanesarenojoke #prayforflorida
Our office in Tampa under evacuation orders #IRMA All services available with NO INTERRUPTIONS . Cust Svs
2017 09 08 19 00 01 6 . Google Drive 7 . Baby Driver 8 . Hurricane Irma 9 . Trump 10 . #APFF
Hurricane Irma path shifts WNC to feel effects #LiveOnWLOS
Hurricane Irma stronger than all of 2017s other eight Atlantic storms combined #CitizenRadio
We will keep you updated South Carolina officials watching Hurricane Irma's approach #BeaufortToday
Are you or your loved ones in the path of Hurricane Irma ? You should take a look at this app
People lined up to buy supplies this morning in North Florida #IrmaHurricane #IrmaFlorida #hurricaneirma2017
For the safety of our contestants and audience we have cancelled our concert this weekend in Gainesville . More info soon ! #Irma
Break from Irma & Politics weird Tamron Hall subpoenaed by Jesse Jackson Jr . ' s estranged wife Daily Mail
Governor Nathan Deal to hold press conference on Hurricane Irma #USA #News #American
#UF IFAS Extension agents say it's too late to trim trees in preparation for #HurricaneIrma . Do this instead #Irma
Professional surfer Zander Venezia 16 dies trying to ride huge Hurricane Irma wave
Stephen Bear shares fears for sisters safety after #HurricaneIrma hits Caribbean My sisters there !
yo I need a favor I'm in Fla & we're about to get smashed by Irma . I'm not going to be able to see the game so could u post
#HurricaneIrma communication tip use the Cloud to store important information prior to the storm
#Irma has devastated parts of the Caribbean and is expected to arrive in Florida over the weekend . From
GOOD MORNING everyone . To my Texas followers hopefully you can rebuild soon . To my Florida followers stay safe ! #HurricaneIrma
Hurricane Irma latest Who to contact if you are concerned about a relative in Florida
We're currently awaiting the arrival of #HurricaneIrma and are looking forward to clear weather and sunny skies ...
While we send our best wishes to the Marconi winners our thoughts remain with those in the path of Hurricane Irma .
Hurricane Irma targets Florida for a beat down track intrensity evacuations 2am update
Nah everyone prefers clickbait
It's National Preparedness Month and in front of Hurricane Irma Gov . Hogan has encouraged residents to complete ...
As always we will keep you updated on our supplies . We'll be here as long as it's safe for employees & customers to travel . #HurricaneIrma
We will be closed until further notice due to the anticipation of Hurricane Irma . Please keep
Hurricane Irma churns over the Bahamas on collision course with Florida
Islands devastated as Irma hurtles towards Miami
More like God is and He should be
New advisory is in . Slightly weaker . #NBC6 #Irma
How horrible anticipating such damage and wrath and being powerless .
Hurricane Irma churns over the Bahamas on cybercollision course with Florida
Hurricane Irma Traffic on I 75 I 4 heavy but moving FHP says Orlando news
Our office will be closed Friday 9 8 Monday 9 11 because of Hurricane Irma . Our 9 13 meetings are canceled . Details
The Ybor City Stogie Florida's Irma Decentralized Response
No matter where you are please be careful with this Irma . Here's a link to traffic info and hotel availability .
In preparation for #Irma #volunteers across the state are mobilizing to ensure shelters have the right resources .
.. there will be thousands of people in Haiti and the Dominican Republic who will need help .. #HurricaneIrma
U . S . stock #futures drop as Irma heads toward Florida
#Irma update for southern New England from National Weather Service #Boston
As for me I will have my devices with me so I will be able to communicate one way or the other #HurricaneIrma
you know there is Canadian news like forest fires I am more worried about Canadians than Irma or Harvey CBC you suck
Be cautious . Be prepared . Don't take risks ... Make sure you and your loved ones are safe when Hurricane Irma arrives .
#FBF to our Katrina Womens Response Fund . Standing with Florida and the Caribbean during #HurricaneIrma
My sentiments exactly .
CHTA's office will be closed Friday September 8th thru Monday September 11th due to #HurricaneIrma
New Hurricane #Irma track keeps Central #Florida in direct path #Orlando projected Category 2
Some people say it's the end of the world revelations it's the rapture ! Rational people merely say it's climate c
Another quiet Friday 5 things for September 8 Irma Mexico quake Russia probe Rohingya Equifax
Europe Edition Hurricane Irma Emmanuel Macron Brexit Your Friday Briefing #News via com #USA
Hurricane IRMA Destroying Lives NEVER SEEN BEFORE Compilation via
nagem That's a lot of hoping on their part of #Hurricane #Irma stays the current course .
no offense but if irma kills me i'm gonna be pressedt cause i didn't embark on the stress of high school just to die wtf
Hurricane Irma may cause problems for East Coast energy infrastructure
Update from about U . S . citizens in #SintMaarten #hmrd #IrmaHurricane2017
Update from about U . S . citizens in #SintMaarten #hmrd #IrmaHurricane2017 via ct
#HurricaneIrma 8 a . m . Friday Sept . 8
Heres what the worlds most accurate weather model predicts for Irma Ars Technica
Need gas ? is a good tool . #BeSafe #BrevardCounty #Brevard #IrmaHurricane2017
They want me to come to work during irma . Imma show up to work looking like irma
Dear Irma if you can permanently suspend from twitter we will all love you . I have his address unlike the BA . Sincerely Everyone
ICMA In preparation for #Irma #volunteers across the state are mobilizing to ensure shelters have the right resources .
please issue advisory re post Irma scammers saying they're FPL so people open their doors . I need to alert my community . Thankyou
Update on #HurricaneIrma
The Hellchico Daily is out ! Stories via OlivierH #irma #rediff
In the ongoing aftermath of Hurricane Harvey and the upcoming Hurricane Irma HSCG wants to help
Even horrible things happen in paradise thinking of the Virgin Islands this am after Irma
Re Barbuda . You can read about the devastation here They're going to need a lot of help . Show up .
Global warming is real US Senate needs to believe #HurricaneIrma
Irma Barrels Toward Cuba and Florida ; Death Toll at Least 18 by THE NEW YORK TIMES via NYT
ISIS celebrates ... we should celebrate them living in a land of rocks celebrate our women kids wealth etc etc
To ALL our family & friends in the path of hurricane Irma know you're in our thoughts hearts & prayers . BE TOUGH
Me and the family are starting Hurricane #Irma prep in earnest today here in South Georgia . Prob gonna catch some Cat 1 2 winds even here
Trump Russia #irma #notmyhurricane
Bought a subscription to recommended by #HurricaneIrma
He was just fucking stupid .
The Iconic Art Deco Hotels Of South Beach Are Boarded Up Awaiting Irma The neighborhood's
There isn't enough alcohol for this fucking storm ! Is the liquor store still open ? my mom #HurricaneIrma
The latest Revolution Everyday ! Thanks to #hurricaneirma #greenissues
RT BMcNoldy Absolutely uncanny copy paste from 7 years ago . Very bizarre . #Irma #Jose #Katia #Igor #Julia #Karl
We're thinking about those affected by #IrmaHurricane2017 Stay safe .
Holy mother of God it's the size of Texas . The biggest in history .
Irma smashes Caribbean on the way to Florida
#HurricaneIrma likely to be far worse than monster Andrew Denver Post #environment
RT TODAYshow A comparison of Hurricane Andrew in 1992 to Hurricane Irma in 2017 . dahboo 7
With all the understandable coverage of Irma a significant and prophetic event went unnoticed .
VULNERABLE To Flooding ! Tampa And St Petersburg Florida Hurricane Irma Storm Surge
Woman's video diary shows devastation caused by Hurricane Irma
#DIY Bottled #Water for #Hurricanes and #Earthquakes The Atlantic #Irma #Jose #Harvey #emergency
Good morning . I just want to say that my thoughts are with Mexico right now & all the victims of Hurricane Irma too . This is insane .
Gotta throw away the whole country ...
hurricane Irma
When Irma is comin so they give you 4 days off from school . YUHHH
This is fine .
Florida is preparing for Hurricane Irma . Forecasts warn that over 3 million citizens will be left without power .
Hurricane Irma Watches and Warnings in effect as of 8 AM Advisory from NHC
Oh how Hillary is drooling at all the money that she could siphon from Haiti again if only she had won the presiden
COMING UP ! Update on Hurricane Irma Brady & The Patriots go down on Thursday night and the Poo Fetcher breaks her
Heads up Chattanooga and North Georgia on this map . If you have dead trees from drought last year might be good t
Know any businesses in #Florida that are in need of free data protection ? Contact now #HurricaneIrma
On the road ... in GA headed to AL ... #hurricaneirma #pleasebenice
My brother ordered four of my prints . Just in time for an Irma insurance claim .
Irma ready to lay down this cut ass ...
' No gas and it's gridlock ' as hundreds of thousands in #Florida flee Irma's path #southFlorida
. Hoover AL RV Park offers free spaces to #HurricaneIrma #HurricaneHarvey evacuees
report news that matters or don't tweet at all
8am advisory on Irma still coming directly into FL then curving it northwest into GA
Funny how hurricane Irma and Jose can visit America free and then destroy it mean while Jamaicans of to have papers #goodmornimg
Preparing for the Storm #hurricaneirma #autismtalkshowhost
#IRMA Still a CAT 1 Avg Wind Speed 90mph > KEEP Pouring Out VINEGAR > > ERASES Alkaline Salts Based ChemTrailClouds
Buy stawks w two hands and two feets
Just heard from our family in Turks and Caicos they are safe and well ! House withstood Hurricaine Irma . So relieved . #Irma #tci
Sending love and positive vibes to all friends and family in the path of Irma !
NJ college student evacuates Miami ahead of Irma #njmorningshow
8AM Friday Core Of Irma To Move Between Central Bahamas & Cuba
Is that the same Delta that's currently price gouging tickets to get out of hurricane Irma's pat
Hurricane Irma a Potentially Devastating Category 4 Strike on South Florida Sunday After Raking Through the Bahamas
The latest The Scott Kieffer Daily ! Thanks to #usrc #irma
US airlines scramble to evacuate residents ahead of Hurricane Irma CNBC
Irma is my excuse for not staring Hunt and Hill last night in fantasy football . More reasons I should stick to weather
Sending thoughts & prayers to all the #SHRM families affected by Harvey & Irma . Thinking of & my hometown #IHRpeeps
8AM Atlantic update now has #Irma max winds at 150mph . Intensity looks to stay steady through landfall early S
NOAA RT NHC Atlantic #Irma is expected to move through the SE Bahamas today and approach south Florida on Saturd
RealScience Irma Weather Almost identical To The Labor Day Hurricane #SNP #BBCqt #UKIP #r4today #tory #Labour
. goes live with new look for #Irma coverage #TVNews
#Hurricane #Irma may cause problems for East Coast #energy infrastructure #HurricaneIrma
#MONEY #IRMA business How the U . S . would defend against a nuclear attack by North Korea
Irma took a new path last night & a magnitude 8.1 earthquake hit Mexico these are signs ...
praying to those who are affected #IrmaHurricane2017
#HappeningNow on #HurricaneIrma Florida is as well prepared as you can be for something like this .
Prayers my brother and his family are near Ft Myers . I am praying for all Floridians .
PrisonPlanet Another thing ISIS & the left have in common ; Both are celebrating Hurricane Irma .
17 dead on Anegada 8 on Tortola toll rising . Your attitude is revolting . #HurricaneIrma
huge fan of your work with The Daily Podcast but WRT coverage on Irma why isn't anyone covering the USVI ? ? ? thx
Hurricane Irma heading towards South Florida . This hurricane is not expected to be stronger than Harvey .
So appreciative of our employees working hard to ensure our city is prepared for #Irma .
Fuck the locals right ?
Hurricane Irma churns over the Bahamas on collision course with Florida The Washington Post
Your Irma commentary is incredibly well informed .
No I chortled at the thought of taking out Mar A Lago . There is a diff ... in fact i posted th
On at 5 30 hear from volunteers who are flying to #USVirginIslands to help with #HurricaneIrma disaster relief
Congressman Bilirakis showing support for our community . #HurricaneIrma #GusBilirakis #PascoCountyEOC
The #HurricaneIrma trajectory places the downgraded storm over Atlanta by Tuesday .
An unbelievable amount of electrical repair and tree removal trucks on I 75 South this morning . America is rallying to help Florida . #Irma
Market sentiment kept in check by Irma and North Korea
BBCBreaking Hurricane Irma will " devastate " either Florida or neighbouring states US federal emergency chief says
Due to Hurricane #Irma some flights to the Caribbean and some parts of US have been cancelled & delayed . Please che
Get out of the hurricane's path . Be like Lot . Don't look back ! #IRMA #mothernature
Irma heads for Bahamas Cuba leaving devastation in its wake Shared from my Google feed hope u ok ?
How much damage is needed for reinsurers to default on contracts ? Insurance Carriers Breaking Down Ahead of Irma
The Miami Herald on eve of destruction . Every front page story is on #Irma . #IrmaHurricane2017 #climatechange
$ OJ F #Orangejuice has jumped up 5 % this morning . #HurricaneIrma
Princess Juliana Airport is destroyed by Hurricane Irma
Dog creates tornado to challenge hurricane Irma
Hello Pensacola . And put up some supplies in your hidey hole JIC eddiet
Prelude to what to expect when destruction and devastation comes is seen in these storms Hurricane Harvey & Irma ...
Richard Branson's Necker Island Torn Apart by Irma Some Exotic Animals MIA UPDATE via
V . I . Donations Fund Set Up Through CFVI Source #hurricaneirma
Wow ! ! Any damage caused by Irma ? All people Ok ?
Daily Reminder #ExxonKnew premeditated murder for profit . #Irma #Harvey #GlobalWarming #ClimateChange #ClimateAction
THE GLEANER MINUTE Monster Irma rages ... Jose now Category Three ... JN CEO falls ill ... Uptown murders GLEANER MI ...
GOES 16 Offers a Close Look at Irma's Eye via
Certainly Florida of all places has laws against gouging in an emergency right ?
The latest Miami MixUp Madness ! #hurricaneirma #florida
The latest Politics and Housing Daily ! Thanks to #irma #scnews
Hurricane Irma will " devastate " either Florida or neighbouring states US federal emergency chief says
Evacuated my beautiful #Charleston SC in advance of #hurricaneirma Praying all in path will be safe esp #Florida
This gives a little perspective on exactly how large Hurricane Irma is compared to others . Prayers for everyone ...
See this ... This kind of shit ... This is why nobody likes you
Add 2 that the X . 9 solar flare & G4 geomagnetic storm buffeting our planet ... quite a line up to show the power of
It's Free Friday for the Morning Dump . Check it out and become a subscriber .
Hurricane Irma Is NOT the Most Powerful Atlantic Hurricane Ever Recorded ... Part Deux via
Thanks so much . Looks like all of FL could experience some of Irma . She's a big one
Feeling for the BVIs such a stunning place to sail around Hurricane Irma UK territory declares state of emergency
Go Canes ! ! ! #TheU
HT blog Waiting for #Irma A Live Report From #Florida ! by Adam Topolansky
Irma could sweep the roof off the building and them machines still won't stop
Irma will be ' devastating ' to US #wots
Irma path live updates At least 14 dead in Caribbean as hurricane heads towards Miami
How To Help Victims Of #HurricaneIrma 5 Charities Working To Support Those Hit By Deadly Storm Humanitarian
Melhor pessoa Irma Fabiana
Sometimes the news isn't all that scary . Here's a gem Harvey and Irma Married 75 Years #HappyFriday !
The GIF of Andrew vs Irma is scary
Harvey Irma Jose Katina and a 8.1 earthquake in Mexico . Earth Mother is not happy . Remember we are in her hands
WE HOPE EVERYONE is safe before during and after IRMA . Our prayers are with those affected in the Caribbean .
Lots of co workers from NY relocated to Florida ... I hope everyone is safe and out of Irma's path .
Our FLORIDA offices may not be immediately available as the wk progresses and in the immediate wake of Hurricane Ir
Everyone prepping for Irma good day to play golf
MORE #Irma to be near the Florida Keys and the state's southern peninsula by Sunday morning
RealAlexJones RT PrisonPlanet Another thing ISIS & the left have in common ; Both are celebrating Hurricane Irma .
excellent timeline for when we can expect tropical weather conditions ... #IRMA #prepNOTpanic
Good graphic from NWS on possible effects from #Irma here in MD #MDWX #AAWX
Government defends ' appalling ' response to Hurricaine Irma
irma bouta suplex the FUCK out of florida
The people of FL GA SC still waiting for the effects of Irma are in our thoughts and prayers .
Trigaux Businesses wonder if Irma Harvey are flukes or signs of nastier disasters ahead
# # Hurricane Irma survivor devastation # # Check it out at #steemit #aceh #indonesia
. Piotrowski on #Periscope Hurricane Irma update
Harvey Irma 8.2 magnitude earthquake in Mexico Pats get whollopped if these aren't signs of the apocalypse not sure what would be
Startling picture
Timing ... God's time . Prayers for Florida from Houston .
Does anyone know if ucf is allowing people to use their parking garages for Irma ? ? ?
Not looking good for Miami Florida ... #Irma
Qui Radio Londra Irma will be ' devastating ' to US
ISIS Joins Leftists In Celebrating Hurricane Irma via
LATEST Eye of #HurricaneIrma to move between central Bahamas and the north coast of Cuba today NHC Reuters
MORE #Irma to be near the Florida Keys and the state's southern peninsula by Sunday morningvia Reuters
And the roads are jammed gas is gone & if your car ain't in top shape you worry about breakdowns #evacuations
RT TopFiveTraders " RT TFTCS " RT BloombergTV " How did Irma become Irma ? The story of its monster size and force
God has blessed America and is watching over us ! #Irma #Florida #Harvey #Texas #TrumpFamily
Good Morning all the NHC Track for Irma is looking a lot better this morning for South Carolina although we know ...
One of my favorite places in the world Gansevoort Turks & Caicos after Hurricane Irma .
Really BBC ? Before you said anything I thought we was straight .
Ahead of Hurricane Irma Florida Keys looks like a ghost town via
Reuters LATEST Eye of #HurricaneIrma to move between central Bahamas and the north coast of Cuba today NHC
I'm sure this is fine .
There are too many catastrophic disasters going on at once . #Harvey #Irma #Jose #KatiaAndEarthquake #Wildfires
Please be safe during hurricane Irma . BLS
Reuters MORE #Irma to be near the Florida Keys and the state's southern peninsula by Sunday morning
pharaoh bourhill Live From the Swamp Train B
Hurricane Irma coming to Miami Florida on Saturday be safe
The traffic in Atlanta is beyond ridiculous ! Traffic on a regular is ridiculous but it's beyond now ! Thanks Irma
Amen and God bless you & your family Road Dogg . Hope you did not know anyone affected by both of those
What in the hell ... we'll I'll be in Valdosta
Right after Hurricane Irma Im getting hit by hangover Irma
#NoteToSelf Only travel abroad to make #Hajj during #HurricaneSeason . Harvey and Irma a
Good Morning Queens . As we prepare for Hurricane Irma . Shipping times after 12noon Today may be
If only we had a sign that climate change is real .
1 Philadelphia News Search Businesses Weather Service What Philly area can expect from Irma as of now Phil ...
Difference between Trump Supporters vs The Crazy Left
Kids on twitter " ugh I just wanna die . " Hurricane Irma " ok omw "
No thoughts and prayers for Florida and all the islands that are getting crushed by Hurricane Irma wi
HURRICANE IRMA Oliver 830a UPDATED MiniPKG & MiniINSERT FRI 0114 ADDS NEW SOTS FROM FL GOVERNOR & FEMA NEWS CONF
#HurricaneIrma RT The gov report on Irma . Please show to anyone who plans to ride it out in their homes
It's the crosswinds that'll kill ya That or leaving the ground without the engines spooled up
The 8 a . m . advisory has Hurricane Irmas wind speeds decreasing slightly as the cone is expected to move between ...
Continued prayers for #Houston #CarribeanIslands #Florida . #Harvey #Irma
defends ' appalling ' spelling in response to hurricane .
These are the Hurricane Irma evacuation zones so far
BTW . Good luck with the hurricane Irma . Without difference of opinions this world would
Justice & Politics is out ! #hurricaneirma #irma
Irma is a much more expansive storm and there is much more development pavement so less natural area to buffer impact .
Is Miami International Airport Closing for Hurricane Irma ? via
8am #Irma Update Forecast to remain a powerful CAT 4 as it approaches Florida . Near the Florida Keys southern FL P
will broadcast of the Notre Dame Georgia Sat . Night game be affected with Irma coverage ? .
Watch as Hurricane Irma rips through a house on the British Virgin Islands #happeningnow
Hurricane Irma's Destruction ... Here Are Some Images #KICXCountry
#Dollar Tumbles as #Yen #Euro Rally on #Irma #ECB Markets Wrap via
God Bless You
Kicking it away from Irma
live #hurricane #irma will #devastate the #united states warns #fema chief Buzzword devastate
NASA images from space show magnitude of Hurricane Irma
Ports to close as Irma approaches
My wife has been watching #HurricaneIrma on #TheWeatherChannel for the past 2 days . It's like I'm married to my grandpa .
Holy fuck
Irma before and after . St . Thomas USVI .
Even still . #Irma is packing 150mph winds and likely catastrophic conditions for #SoFla .
Giants players with family in Florida concerned about Hurricane Irma
Listen live 8 30 Security tightens storefront pot sales planned Irma's rampage continues
Meet my parents Irma and Jose married 29 years
This Henry & Irma cared for 120 foster kids over the decades ! Xo
Warmist Brad Johnson urges ' Put official who reject science in jail ' Blames Irma on climate change
This is the second best news I've heard today . #Irma
We've been monitoring the progress of Hurricane Irma hoping for a change that would take it out to sea ...
Overnight models shift west on Irma track increasing west coast of Florida risk but also more Cuban interaction t
Please heed alerts advisories assessments ! Be prepared & safe ; please do the same for your pets !
JLaw blames Trump for Irma
This pic is crazy !
Pleased to hear members of my old RAF Squadron are flying out to help #hurricaneirma relief effort . We rely on our in a crisis
I feel bad but better you than us ... Have at it Tennessee . #tnwx #irma
' Like nothing I have ever known ' BBC News More about Hurricane Irma
Need to watch this . Trump took money from 911 small business owners . He may do same here #theResistance #impeach
Dear Irma please tell me what the fuck you gonna do ?
LIVE Tracking Hurricane Irma
#GlobalWarming #ClimateChange is a myth created by #TheDemocrats Sure it is #HurricaneIrma #HurricaneHarvey #RESIST
Irma bout to rip through America .. geez
mcafoos Think I'll need to return the favour ! You've hit the threat of Irma hanging over you all .
All those in the path of Irma pray this . God bless . Stay safe .
This storm tip is called the " one cup trick " and it could save you from food poisoning #hurricaneirma2017
2 babies my parents 2 dogs & a cat in a tiny hotel room w 2 twin beds but safest structure we could find . Hoping
hurricane irma sounds better than listening to the richmond supporters in melbourne fuuuuck not looking forward to this
RT axios " RT JGreenDC What Irma looks like from space . LazaroGamio used satellite imagery to put this together .
hey ! ! I know we all lived through the 2004 marathon hurricane party but can you please not sleep on irma ? thanks !
Ok and y'all are saying global warming isn't real ? ?
WATCH How to protect your home and family during Hurricane Irma RT and follow !
Today is the last day or leave or hunker down . #HurricaneIrma will impact the entire state of Florida . GA AL TN
The premier of the British Virgin Islands says Irma brought " total devastation " to his country
Trump on Hurricane Irma ' Not good ' Such eloquence . At least he's only groping for words rather than women .
With flights canceled cruise lines adjust routes to keep 100000 out of Irma's path Miami Herald
Is Hurricane Irma the ' Big One ' Florida has dreaded ? ABC News
#HurricaneIrma but if you need an interview please contact the ABS television radio they will assist you
Not traveling to a shi town in a terrible state to play a horrible team . EL OH EL .
Okay so you not gone tell them to pray for the islands getting hit first like tf y'all only care about America
Bangladesh #Irma #MTBWorlds #LiteracyDay Hurricane Irma #FIVBWomensGCC #ESMO17 Bern Africa Blick 63
Opportunity to #buildbackbetter reduce vulnerability that led do disaster & become climate resilient
Even though I'm in the crosshairs of Irma I feel safe . I've prepared and we have a president who isn't wearing sissypants ! !
Hey #jax #jaxbeach #staugustine #Florida This isn't a #beer post #HurricaneIrma almost here . PLEASE get supplies NO
Models starting to agree South Florida is going to get a direct hit from Irma via
Richard Branson's son posts footage showing Hurricane Irma devastation #GoogleAlerts
Hurricane Irma is cancelling flights at Sky Harbor . We have the story coming up on 3 and 5 .
Hurricanes Irma Harvey are nature's ' wrath ' for Trump victory Jennifer Lawrence claims Fox News Read the Bible !
Check out the HURRICANE IRMA FROM FLORIDA channel on Zello
Harvey . Irma . Jose . And Slavic sis Katia . We speak your names . Now please take a rest .
Irma weakened slightly overnight and max sustained winds are now down to 155 MPH a Cat 4
Markus Rosenberg Blekinge Nordea Mexiko Florida #opinionlive #nordicjs #aurora17 #FentyBeauty Irma 45
If you need any help or info feel free to reach out #irma
Security
starr So true we just gone be having an Irma party at the job
Hurricane Irma's incredible strength ' fueled by global warming ' Evening Standard #GlobalWarming
Sustainability Hurricane Irma Has Basically Destroyed This Caribbean Island
8AM update on #Irma #flwx
imagine being hit by irma and jose wow L
Retweeted NWS Bay Area Hurricane #Irma continues to move toward southern Florida this morning ...
In search of a #blueshed #hurricaneirma #goawayirma Fort Myers Florida
Truth sad sick truth ! ! !
FEMA almost out of money as Hurricane Irma approaches
First leg of #FortWayne or bust complete HOME ORLANDO ORLANDO CHICAGO CHICAGO FORT WAYNE ? ? ? IRMA
Mental prep for #HurricaneIrma . FREE short E novel Peace & love !
New Hurricane Irma track keeps Central Fla . in direct path Watch News 6 for your pinpoint forecast
Hurricanes Harvey and Irma Cant Be Blamed on Global Warming Cato Liberty
Jim Cantore speaking Mobb Deep lyrics " ... you WILL get touched by Irma "
#earthquake #hurricaneirma2017 what is jesus doing to us
I'm so fucking stressed . #hurricaneirma2017
Praying for all those in the path of Irma and the one brewing afterwards .
#HurricaneIrma downgraded to Category 4 heads for Florida leaving devastation in its wake
Got the necessities for Irma .. rum
Category 4 Hurricane #Irma was last recorded at 21.80 74.70 with WNW wind speeds of 150mph !
Thank you Ari ! I just found out that Irma is headed our way now and this is the first thing that made me laugh !
WATCH Irma bears down on Leeward islands
It's certainly a thought that has crossed my mind ...
Hurricane Irma St Martin before and after BBC News Irma St Martin before and after BBC News
#NaturalDisastersNews Hurricane Irma batters Bahamas as Florida evacuates latest updates
Obviously still high winds and rain for eastern fla just a higher spread now to western fla as well . West coast needs to be ready . #irma
Thank you Jeannie I'm ready for Irma
WVF sending our thoughts & prayers to friends & family in the path of Irma . Stay safe #irma
I got a good feeling #WattersWorld is not going to be on tomorrow night because of #irma unless they go live .
Huracan IRMA Advertencia Intermedia Numero 37A SNM CENTRO NACIONAL DE HuracanES MIAMI FL AL112017 TRADUCIDO POR EL
Two minor leagues cancel championship series due to Irma #baseball #news #MosaeSports #Sportswear
Footage coming in from Inagua #HurricaneIrma #TheBahamas
As Hurricane Irma Approaches Florida Liberals Hope For The UNSPEAKABLE
SWLing Post News Zello A PTT push to talk app surges in popularity with Hurricane Irma
Time is running out to flee Irma . Here's what you need to know .
Hurricane Irma has me completely heart broken
We were duped . I gave when I didn't have it but gave anyway ...
Getting up for work today feels very inconvenient . #irma
Latest #Irma track from showing less impacts for our area . But don't let your guard down track co
To clarify this is obvs not the worst thing about Irma . But structure is comforting to me anyway esp when I can't do much else otherwise
Hopefully Irma slows down more before it makes landfall
I've been saying the same thing .
If we use Anne Coulters rationale . These things are God's punishment for having a racist in the WH Summer Kremlin
#Israel #JPOST #NEWS broadcast by #EMET NEWS PRESS US officials say Hurricane Irma will ' devastate ' the count ...
Calm before the storm ! Bouji Marco Island Florida ! #fridayvibes #irma #irma2017 #stormcoming #florida
EUR USD Draghi and Irma are pushing the pair up #Analyst
Hurricane Irma disrupts major poker events The Streamboat a WSOP Circuit event and a WPT Deepstacks event ha ...
Irma might become president . Meteorologists say its well organized and it looks like it will get to Wisconsin .
BBC Hurricane Irma will be ' devastating ' to US Fema head Hurricane Irma will " devastate " either Florida or ...
Have a good one . Irma looks to be heading my way .
SpaceX launches mysterious SPY PLANE rocket ... just before Hurricane Irma hits Florida
Hurricane Irma is of epic proportion perhaps bigger than we have ever seen . Be safe and get out of its way if possible . Federal G is ready !
I liked a video Hurricane Irma Live Tracking
I wish I could adopt all the pets that survived Harvey .. and then take all the pets that are left after Irma too
All Hurricanes have " faces " . Here is Irma's . She looks merciful .
Omg tanni ! Please RT this guys
Haunting The Dead Pentagram And Ancient Coffins
#Irma powers toward Florida leaving behind path of death destruction
Sanctuary will be closing this Sunday Tuesday due to Hurricane Irma . Your safety and the safety of our ...
Evacuations are already underway for some in advance of #HurricaneIrma . Here's a breakdown of what you need to know .
#Tampa is a ghost town . I love it . #HurricaneIrma #Irma #IrmaGerd
TGI Prepares for Hurricane Irma
you changed your name to Hurricane Irma ?
Dear Irma my nails are growing out and I need to get my nails done . Please spare the nail salons
Florida bracing for Hurricane Irma via FOX NEWS
Hurricane Irma iz of epic proportion like bigger than our crazy asses have eva seen . I aint talkin ' bout chicken n ' gravy biatch . Be ...
Please be safe over this Hurricane Irma weekend . Harry Levine Insurance offers some great information to keep you ...
This tweet was sent via Twitter for iPhone . I compute a 14 % chance it was written by Trump himself .
Trump's tweet is available as #embroidery #crossstitch pattern
Mexico prepared for Post #hurricaneirma2017 because of Nilles . We freaked out . He said Earthquake a bunch . He's a dark wizard . Santeria .
Divine intervention ? Put your $ where your tweets are & help . #hurricaneirma2017
... CORE OF HURRICANE IRMA FORECAST TO MOVE BETWEEN THE CENTRAL BAHAMAS AND THE NORTH COAST OF CUBA TODAY ...
Only 3 things are certain rn ... 1 . Irma is gonna hit us 2 . The patriots are 0 1 3 . The dolphins are undefeated
#Irma compared to #Andrew Stunning Source Meteorologist #FLwx
Can we just pray that Irma weakens !
We will provide billions in aid to Florida in the days after #HurricaineIrma ! We'll start by rebui
A volunteer shares a harrowing account of how #HurricaneIrma ripped a toddler from a womans arms
Well now it's coming right at us but at least it'll only be a category 2 when it gets here .
2 latest #podcasts are on confronting #ClimateChange economist & ex GOP congressman
Watch Hurricane Irma's path
wow ! That comparison of Andrew vs Irma !
Capt Art West and Lt Robert " Mac " MacDermott of the CHFD have been deployed with NJ TF1 early this morning . Stay Sa
#News Hurricane Irma is of epic proportion perhaps bigger than we have ever seen . Be safe and get out of its way if possible . Federal G is
Millions in U . S . Prepare for Hurricane Irma WCCB Charlotte
In the path of #HurricaneIrma ? This seems like good advice
Relief after Leicester sisters found safe in Barbuda after #HurricaneIrma flattened the island
8A #Irma Dangerously Closer to Direct Hit on Florida
Hurricanes Irma Katia and Jose This is how the 3 massive Atlantic storms look from space
#News Our incredible U . S . Coast Guard saved more than 15 000 lives last week with Harvey . Irma could be even tougher . We love our Coast Gua
realDonaldTrump Our incredible U . S . Coast Guard saved more than 15 000 lives last week with Harvey . Irma could be even tougher . We love ou
Congress confident it will find money for Irma as FEMA runs low on funds via #GoogleNews #News #Today #USA
Why are so awkward
RT realDonaldTrump " Our incredible U . S . Coast Guard saved more than 15 000 lives last week with Harvey . Irma could be even tougher . We love
Irma's Off Center Lashing of Puerto Rico Worsen Its Economy ? Climate deniers will pay heavy toll . No help for poor
Irma Leaves Death And Destruction In Its Wake As Florida Braces Itself For Landfall
Our incredible U . S . Coast Guard saved more than 15 000 lives last week with Harvey . Irma could be even tougher . We love our Coast Guard ! vi
Irma is the first storm to sustain 185 mph winds for over a day
They are so stinkin ' cute .
Here are the THREE hurricanes churning in the Atlantic . #Irma is now 720 km SE of Miami FL . #Jose has been upgrade
Wishing anyone in Irma's path the utmost in personal safety through the duration of this storm #safewishes
I express my sincere compassion to all peoples struck by the disasters relevant to climate change such as floods IRMA Harvey and others .
Irma is the first storm to sustain 185 mph winds for over a day via
irma's hitting us as a Cat . 4 . but she only needs a 2 MPH increase in wind speed and she's a Cat . 5 again lmao there's no difference
Overnight a storm here with lots of rain and thunder . Huge magnitude 8.1 quake in Mexico left at least 26 dead . Irma continues too on east .
Past Week N Korea nuclear test Trump scraps DACA South Asian floods Hurricane Harvey Hurricane Irma Mexico earthquake
Volunteer shares harrowing account of how Hurricane Irma ripped toddler from womans arms #telegraph #news
This is a good tweet .
#IrmaHurricane2017 Hmmm . Might the apartment owners be looking for a large insurance payout ? Check their finances .
Hurricane Harvey Hurricane Irma and now the 8.0 earthquake in Mexico Guatemala .. shits crazy man
Government defends ' appalling ' Irma response #sky #news
Hurricane IRMA and MEGA 8.1 EARTHQUAKE in MEXICO UPDAYE
Our incredible U . S . Coast Guard saved more than 15 000 lives last week with Harvey . Irma could be even tougher . We love our Coast Guard !
Andrew 1992 Irma 2017 #weatherchannel #FoxNews
I just evacuated to Orlando from Miami but Irma is following me up here like I owe her money .
Could Irma Harvey recovery boost economy stocks ? #breaking #news #market #finance #business #economy $ macro #mkt
5 Things to Know for Friday Sep . 8
Futures drop as Irma heads toward Florida Fox Business #breaking #news #market #finance #business #economy $ macr
Love this ! They've certainly weathered many storms .
President Trump being excited by hurricanes again . Is this his fetish ?
Yo deadass this nigga Irma needa stop playing like we ain't talk no shit ab u daaam bully
' She came in the nick of time ' Overdue baby born right before Hurricane Irma hits
20 gallons of water 48 cans of DP 162 juice boxes Food for 2 weeks Plywood concrete screws Gas tanks full Let's do this Irma
I hope Irma ends u
Hoping & 4Safe Return #RedFriday & for All in Path of Irma RN
#USA #FoxNews Weekly wrap up Irma smashes records as Category 5 hurricane ; Los Angeles wildfire creates apocalypt
if anybody has links to relief funds for recent natural disasters irma harvey ca fires and or mexico earthquake send them my way thanks
Please check here for future #Irma updates or you can call 863 534 4800 . You and your families are in our thoughts and prayers . Stay safe .
Hurricane Irma path update Shock FEMA warning to Florida GET OUT OR RISK YOUR LIFE
Hurricane Tracking Hurricane Jose Hurricane Katia And Irma . #hurricaneseaso pls RT #Hurricane
May Irma wipe Mar Lago into the Atlantic !
PRAY PRAY PRAY for the people of Puerto Rico my whole heart
The only blowjob ever gonna get is if he visit Mar A Lago tomorrow night ! #NotMyPresident #HurricaneIrma
This is gonna help me ride out Irma
Catching up on #BIP before #HurricaneIrma #priorities
Given growing size and track of #Irma this cannot be overstated
many many people helped ! Including the MEDIA and civilians . Thank them too ! What did your fat ass do ! ? You are gross #Irma
Are you opening Mar a Lago as a shelter to evacuees ? #hurricaneirma2017
Pathetic .
Seems like #MotherEarth is loosing patience with #humans #MexicoEarthquake #MexicoQuake #HurricaneHarvey #HurricaneIrma
I have relatives who were former coast guard they don't get nearly the amount of love and respect they deserve .
I bet that house ain't have no food in it . That man shop at Save A lot
Georgia's I 16 eastbound lanes will be reversed Saturday so people can flee the coast . #HurricaneIrma
Hurricane Irma Evacuees Swarm Miami International Airport via
A tree boy I have 30 palm trees in my front yard
Orchard Park Natives Discuss Bracing For Hurricane Irma In Florida pls RT #orchardpark #florid
I believe in God Im fearless so I'm ready for Irma
NO if Irma makes landfall at Cat 4 ; Orlando could get Cat 2 winds . Eye path is unpredict
Sad man breaks down hurricane IRMA mashes up his country via
The latest on which campus dining halls are open
Is that your Rap Name " Federal G " ?
This is where Luis beach was now re named Irma
So wait this spaghetti goes up to Qubec ? The ocean here is freezing all year long . Not hurricane friend
St . Thomas reeling from hurricane
ok so im watching videos on hurricane irma and i didnt know that it was this bad and im actully so scared for yous
Was ready prepared for our flight to #Miami . #Irma destroyed all of our plans . Pray for all people affected by
#MONEY #IRMA FoxBusiness Fewer Americans value a college degree FOX Business FoxBusiness September 8 2017
Irma Threatens Trump's Mar a Lago Prompting Evacuation Order Bloomberg
This sounds like something a 5 year old wrote at school for her mummy to stick to the fridge with a magnet .
SRQ is barely outside of the " extreme " zone for wind . Stay safe guys .
Could Irma become a Category 5 hurricane again ? #breaking #usa #world #news #video #today #watch #foxbusiness
So FAU and FIU are the only Florida schools playing this weekend ?
Happy birthday
I'm A Hurricane VETERAN Living Through Several ! MANY In #Florida ROOKIES Who Do NOT Know What To Expect Or Process In Mind ! #HurricaneIrma
I'm wondering how many other Irma & Harveys are out there or Irma & Jose lol
Again don't be scared just be prepared . All Floridians .
#MONEY #IRMA FoxBusiness . SheriffClarke on looting " I can't think of anything more disgusting than to take advantage of people in a vulne
FYI people in #miami and #irma's path once the water comes in power goes off everywhere . Even high rises . No AC . For DAYS . Don't . Stay ! ! !
These Are The Islands Hit By Hurricane Irma Hurricane Irma the most powerful Atlantic hurricane in recorded ...
If you run a business on the east coast please give this a watch it could save your business from #Irma2017
I hope some of Florida residents who are fleeing Hurricane Irma end up in Texas helping victims of Hurricane Harvey .
Live this morning at DFW Airport . The 2nd and 3rd photos show big crowds at Miami International ; folks scrambling
Between TCU game and Irma ticking west I need a drink
RT CNNPolitics US warships begin Hurricane Irma relief operations
Fort Lauderdale News Search Reviews South Beach A Virtual Ghost Town Ahead Of Irma Fort Lauderdale News
Tracking Irma's potential impact on the Tri Cities region
we have been abandoned in a hotel in Santo Domingo due to Irma are not helping could one of your team help ? ?
Hurricane Irma will be ' devastating ' to US Fema head Hurricane Irma will " devastate
#UNICEF calls for protection of all children with arrival of #HurricaneIrma Full press release
Hurricane Irma why are there so many hurricanes and will there be more in the future ? We asked the experts #news
The market is exhibiting jitters on Irma and North Korea . We buy jitters . tells clients this morning . Sounds smart to me
Is it only me or do any of you have any favorite hurricane snacks ? Mine is Doritos and Pepsi Max . #HurricaneIrma #hurricaneirma2017
Hurricane Irma is causing schedule changes in all fall sports . For the latest info check the schedule pages at
The man is telling people to stay safe instead of dying cut the fuckin dogma
The era of Big G has begun
Between Harvey Irma & now a devastating EQ ... I feel like the man upstairs is trying to tell us something ! Ever
Irma Update ALL of Sun Terrace is closed
The latest The SimpleRulesResearch Daily ! Thanks to #bigdata #hurricaneirma
Coming soon the Federal G mixtape " Trumpers Over Tramps " & the hit song " Do The Donald Trump " feat . 50 Cent & Wa
Federal G ? Is that new slang from the " Stupid A " ?
How about a Friday prayer ? Navy families could use it today all of FL as well . #hurricaneirma2017
Honestly tho if Irma kills me and my brothers we will all be ok with it
Police shoot armed man at Miami airport amid Irma evacuation Washington Times #Aviation mom
#Irma Update was at dialysis twice yesterday now the long wait we have a special letter I can ...
If you're in FL GA NC or SC you should stock up on food water and batteries . You those in coastal areas should evacuate #hurricaneirma2017
There is a little good news to report this morning ... #Irma has continued to weaken overnight and now is 150 mph ...
REUTERS U . S . stock futures drop as Irma heads toward Florida
Our friend Tony just sent us these pics from his hotel room in St Maarten . #Irma #HurricanIrma #IrmaHurricane2017
News Irma has weakened to cat 4 . News Irma could strengthen again or get weaker . Me Thank Nostradamus ... #hurricaneirma2017 #nostradamus
All the records Hurricane Irma has already broken #news
Hurricane Irma churns over the Bahamas on collision course with Florida Washington Post
1 2 degree temp anomalies in #Irma path climate scientists were hounded for saying warming would lead to increased
On air now on Fox 4 until 10 w extra coverage on #HurricaneIrma . Can stream
Breaking #Irma downgraded to ' extremely ' dangerous cat 4 . Well that makes me feel better !
Love this man ! Great guy spreading the word and spreading love and doing his best to help others ! !
If you are still staying in town and hunkering down for Irma please be safe and watch over your loved ones . If you left safe travels !
Afraid of what McConnell and Ryan will do while media focused on Irma .
The quiet before the storm has begun . Not a single bird in the trees or sky out here . Time to hunker down . Be safe FL . #hurricaneirma2017
I KNOW WHAT THE OFCL TRACK SAYS YOU ARE NOT OUT OF THE WOODS #IRMA WAS
Bermuda is now completely inhabitable since Irma destroyed the island
BobBuckhorn RT ashleybauman Make sure to tune in !
With Harvey And Now Irma Federal Funds And FEMA Are Put To The Test NPR
NWSSanJuan 8 00 AM AST Advisory Advertencia #37A Hurricane Huracn Irma . #prwx #usviwx NWS San Juan NWSSanJ
bby Download FREE walkie talkie phone app ! Spread the word #HurricaneIrma #StayConnected
don't forget our USVI citizens they need our help ! Just as important as TX & FL #irma
As Florida prepares for Hurricane Irma we will be closing at 2PM for the safety of our guests and staff . Stay safe
So ICE is pausing its destruction of human lives due to the destruction caused by Harvey & Irma . #DACA
I'm actually so scared for my house and my dad's business irma TURN RIGHT
And we are scaling up for Irma under a broader umbrella group .
Hope you're not in the way of Irma ? x Stay safe .
For parts of Florida Hurricane Irma offers a worst case scenario #metabloks
His listeners should go take the plywood off ' s house he was only pretending to prepar
Speaking of Mara lago I hope it gets leveled by Irma . Then at least we won't need to pay for yo
NWS Midlands remain in Irmas cone of uncertainty #ClarendonCounty
Seeing size of Irma compared to size of Andrew is fucking terrifying . I remember Andrew . I was very young 2 & it wasn't even a direct hit .
From today's on
Top Charedi rabbi Jews may travel on Shabbat to escape Hurricane Irma
I hate the name Irma ! ! !
Hurricane Irma storm batters Bahamas as Florida evacuates latest via #HurricaneIrma
#Florida pets What's up ? How are they going to deal with them ? #hurricanirma2017 WE will RT to
Ars For parts of Florida Hurricane Irma offers a worst case scenario
flight needs one more crew member ! Flight #2494 to Cancun We need to evacuate HELP #miami #hurricaneirma2017 #AmericanAirlines
Florida bracing for Hurricane Irma
It's a 3 they say . Following about the same track as Irma . Be careful !
Federal G is rapper name
Cajun Navy wants to help Florida after Hurricane Irma #Miami
Really Jen come on . #boycott Hurricanes Irma Harvey are nature's ' wrath ' for Trump victory Jennifer Lawrence claims
Hurricane Irma will ' devastate ' parts of US
New #UF Florida braces for Hurricane Irma Watches warnings now in effect via
crazy to see damage in Caribbean from Irma but not much coverage on our friends in USVI . Let's change that . #lovecitystrong
My current outlook . #HurricaneIrma #hurricaneirma2017 #IrmaHurricane #Irma2017
RealAlexJones Watch Live ! Irma Brings Panic Civilization To Standstill
Weekly wrap up Irma smashes records as Category 5 hurricane ; Los Angeles wildfire creates apocalyptic scene
From what we witnessed with #Harvey and now #Irma it is evident more investment in #predictive models is needed .
CNN EPA chief on Irma The time to talk climate change isn't now .
Sticking around and helping some people prep for hurricane Irma . Wish me luck
I think Vernard and I are good on having drinks for 3 5 days ! #irma #hurricane #ridding #it #out
Sept . 8 Urban Search & Rescue teams get ready to fly to St . Thomas & St . Croix to assess Hurricane #Irma damage a
We have been relegated down to ration hotdog buns at now ? ! #Irma
I liked a video Joe Rogan Discusses Hurricane Irma
Business Airline seats disappearing as Irma approaches Florida ABC News
I don't like the thin blue line . #Greenville doesn't want #hurricaneirma2017 ...
#shoutout to for this #waterbottle . It's coming home from work to add to #HurricaneIrma prep
#breakingnews #tech Enlarge Hurricane Irma at dawn on Friday shown in a GOES 16 photo . credit NOAA On Thur
Hurricane Irma proof your kitchen with these three tips
Paging the Government . You have a call . The kettle is on line 2 .
RT TopFiveTraders " RT StakepoolCom " RT silverjet 2 Good morning Futures down 6.00 handles to 2460.50 with Irma North Korea Fedspeak in f
Look like the eye of the devil
This is too much definitely we are suffering the consequences of what we did to nature #PrayForMexico #HurricaneIrma #HurracaineHarvey
First Shift Dealers elevate inventory ahead of Irma
I just need it to pick a fucking path and stick to it . Irma so indecisive smh
Daily Kos Radio is LIVE NOW ! If you think Irma is windy wait'll you hear ! Ha Ha ? #KITM
Plus the world filled with idiots fools with reprobate minds who reject God Romans 1 28 Ever feel like Elijah
Suddenly Like Irma Japan Conglomerate Launches Major Bitcoin Mining Center #bitcoin #blockchain #crypto #ethereum
Yep . That's a rainbow in there . The literal calm before #Irma
A C17 plane from has just taken off with #UKaid shelter kits for those most in need after Hurricane
I have to give credit to . Everything I learned from him in 6 yrs working together led me to move family out of Irma's path .
Florida insurers tumbling on fears of hurricane Irma damage
The latest The Toronto Gazette ! #toronto #hurricaneirma
These people are ridiculous I can't wait until Irma is gone
Allysus with me running away from IRMA
. CouldU create a graphic showing different wind speeds over hurricane Irma Would like 2understand speeds at diff distance from the
and of course the aftermath of harvey
FEMA App Provides Emergency Information At Your Fingertips Its Scary Simple #HurricaneIrma
Irma doing lots of barreling and thrashing now according to my news feed
#hurricaneirma #shelters for Saint Lucie County & Martin County . Stay safe everyone . Please share this post .
So she knows the mind of GOD ? Hardly . It could just as easily be God's JUDGEMENT for a sinful nation led by elitist
All you need to know as FL braces for #Irma right now on . We've got in Miami beach live on top of it all .
we need tax cuts revenue loss right after Hurricane Harvey and Hurricane Irma . Our president is a genius NOT
Things like this are what need to be shared
Suddenly Like Irma Japan Conglomerate Launches Major Bitcoin Mining via
Does anyone know about Deaf inmates in Florida who are near Hurricane Irma's projected path ? #DeafInPrison
Y'all are so wrong for this .
Forecast shows ' extremely dangerous ' Hurricane Irma heading for Florida and Cuba here are the latest updates
Hurricane Irma UK steps up relief effort #BBCNews #BBC #News
If that's true then you shouldn't be cutting their already ridiculously meager budget which is stretched even more
Wow so brave ! hope the word gets out think if they get enough people they might really win this ! Fo
WRAPUP 1 Hurricane Irma Kills 10 in Caribbean Heads for Florida as Category 4 via
The Cuban Government is ready to give political asylum for all Floridians #Irma #IrmaHurricane2017 #Irma2017 #IrmaHurricane #KimJongUn
Hurricanes Harvey and Irma Show U . S . Must Boost Grid Resiliency . Energy Storage Is Doing Just That .
Hurricane Irma shocking devastation caught on camera
I'm surprised trump hast tried nuking Irma
St . Lucie County's Information Hotlines are open today Sept . 8 from 8 am 8 pm 772 460 HELP 4357
Airbnb activates free program to match hurricane Irma evacuees wth free housing in northern FL and Southern GA
Couple Married 75 Years Marvel At Hurricanes Named After Them ; Harvey And Irma
The Friday Before Hurricane Irma's US Mainland Landfall 4 Things That Worry Me
For those interested in helping out please check out It's from United StMaarten Connection .
Tracking Hurricane Irma on ABC Action News . Now FROM 175 MPH TO 150 MPH .
Which because you have a fascist sheriff means seeking refuge in a neighboring county .
Nah ain't no man out here that can do anything at all rn to stop all this from happening so my ass is gonna keep pr
7 household hacks to prepare you for Hurricane Irma ...
giant hole in the sky appears four horsemen gallop through PRUITT this isn't the right time to talk about the e
#lifeplus2m " historically unusual weather is no longer freakish "
Harbormasters keep long distance eye on Hurricane Irma #weymouth #HinghamHomes
Thank God for ' s #HurricaneIrma coverage .
Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone preparing for Hurricane Irma these next few days ! Stay safe everyone !
Hurricane Irma will ' devastate ' US and knock out power in Florida ' for days ' latest news via
With Hurricane Irma and the potential for severe weather in our area the Villages of Benning has taken the ...
Hurricane Irma Warnings add urgency to Florida evacuations
Live look at my Irma forecast track that I made yesterday
Mother nature is pist af and the Lord is reminding us who runs this World we so take for granted
I genuinely appreciate pop and kpop twitter for sharing this . I've been surveying the shares and most are from pop
Trump Hurricane Irma " looks like it could be something that will be not good " WTH did this Fat Boy Trump just say ?
Fewer than 48 hours until we can expect the eye of Hurricane Irma to pass by and the weather
thank you for moving flights forward ! My mother cant do connecting flights the direct one to yyc is all she can take . #yyc #irma #
Today is your last chance to board up leave . Assuming you can even find plywood . #irma
Fuel Shortages and Traffic Jams Complicate Floridas Irma Evacuation
The full extent of the damage is now becoming clear #HurricaneIrma #Provinciales
Okay beside the obvious statement about Irma . " Federal G " have overtaken " Easy D " .
Riding out a major hurricane with my 99 year old mom while she calls others to check on them ! #irma #IrmaHurricane2017 #stoic
St . Johns County Evacuation Zones Map & Shelters for Hurricane Irma
Suddenly Like Irma Japan Conglomerate Launches Major Bitcoin ... #Bitcoin #Blockchain #Cryptocurrency #Ethereum
I asked Phil Ferro of Ch . 7 where the " Dirty Side " of Irma is . This was his reply " Split the storm like a pie ...
EEEK ! No just EVERY GOT DANG NEWS SOURCE has Irma swirling about in a gif on my TL . It's like report on
Then why the fuck are you cutting their funds ?
This is a GREAT pt . I'll use links to direct Atlantic products rather than share static images . Helpful tip to
nytimes Evacuating for a hurricane is routine for some families . But Irma has some experienced evacuees scrambli
Florida nuclear plants to shut ahead of Hurricane Irma Electricity generator Florida Power & Light said it will shut its two nuclear pow ...
Has he just hit the Eastside of the LBC ?
hurricane irma bad where is it going to go sat and sunday i hope it is good new s from deedee
it was incorrect your statement that Irma hasn't hit the US yet . USVI and Puerto Rico are
News post " Scott warns Floridians Irma will be bigger than Andrew "
The most dangerous ship is an empty one How do ships avoid hurricanes ? #Irma #shipping
Keeping everyone in the path of #HurricaneIrma every other person impacted by these catastrophic hurricanes floods fires in my prayers .
For parts of #Florida #Hurricane Irma offers a worst case scenario
How Much Will #Hurricanes #Harvey and #Irma Hurt the #Economy ? US News #jobs #hurricaneharvey #hurricaneirma
I will be doing from Tampa studio today and helping with weekend Tampa coverage of #HurricaneIrma on
The latest SERCAP #Water is Life News ! Thanks to Wildlife #irma #water
This is not even as hard as it sounds . I use plastic carboys like those used for water coolers . Just rotate new jug
YeH but I still never to go and clean and prepare for Irma
Hope it misses but it might put the surge square into Miami
Governor Of Virgin Islands Orders Gun Confiscation Ahead Of Irma
Hey I'm in the other coast and I'm terrified of Irma .
Away from hurricane Irma
WATCH Hurricane Irma moves toward Bahamas Florida #GMA
Hurricane Irma Home Depot Lowe & #39 ; s prepare for second major storm Home Depot says it's ready to ...
CBS News #Miami from above #Irma storm surge threatens coastline FEMA estimates 2.5 million Florida homes ..
Video of devastate parts of the Virgin Islands of Tortola after Hurricane Irma
It's awful . #nostarbucks #Catastrophic #hurricaneirma2017
Columbus opens shelter for Hurricane Irma evacuees as Gov . Deal expands state of emergency
If you are in the path of hurricane Irma this weekend as you are getting all your supplies and preparations ...
Wow ! Prayers for all in Irma's path !
